
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20038418/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Podcast Review: Jay Shetty Podcast
Skye Grant posted Jan 19, 2025 2:22 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 For this discussion, I checked out On Purpose with Jay Shetty for the first time, and honestly, it was really refreshing. The podcast is all about self-growth, mindfulness, and living a purposeful life. Each episode is pretty long usually between 40 minutes to an hour—but it feels worth it because the topics go really in-depth. He finds different celebrities to interview and they talk about either their self growth journey or their round to success and how it has impacted them in the present. The format switches up depending on the episode. Sometimes it’s just Jay sharing advice or life lessons on things like relationships or stress. Other times, he brings on guests, like celebrities, authors, or experts in wellness. For those episodes, it’s usually just Jay and the guest, making it feel like a personal, one-on-one conversation. He has multiple series on his channel the " On Purpose Podcast" is just of the many on his channel. It is both visually entertaining and audibly entertaining, if were watching the podcast you see the body language coming from the interviewees or if you were listening the intentional dialogue will keep any listener intrigued. The podcast seems like it’s aimed at anyone looking to better themselves, but I think it especially aligns with people in their 20s and 30s such as college students, young professionals, or anyone trying to figure out their life. Jay has this calm and relatable way of talking that makes it feel like he’s genuinely trying to help, not just preach at you. He does a great job making personal connections like many other podcasters which allows those to retain an audience and gain more of an audience at the same time. This ties into the textbooks point that “knowing thy audience” (p. 19) is important. By knowing his audience Jay can continue to connect essential topics to his audience/ demographic. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Garrett Bliek
January 19 at 10:41 PM
Hey Skye, I love the depth at which you wrote. I think you did a great job of demonstrating the podcasts and its purpose for the viewers. With that being said, I was curious if you found that the podcast creator did a great job connecting with the viewer because of the topic they chose? Could you see them as successful in another area of the industry?
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

