
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19919367/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 1 Discussion
Molly Stevens posted Jan 9, 2025 1:44 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Brittany Broski Podcast: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dD4l4N90dnk
I don't watch a lot of podcasts but I will sometimes put Brittany Broskis' podcast on from time to time. I love her podcast because of the things she talks about and the sheer craziness of it. It is just her in the podcast but she presents herself in a way that makes it feel like you are on facetime with a friend. I love how each episode is different and each episode is over different topics that she is interested in. A lot of the time it is either her focusing on a movie she watched and liked or a famous person she found and now likes. I am a fan of a bunch of different things so it if fun to watch someone else obsess and talk about the things that I like.
I hope to get a better understanding of how to create a podcast and how to make one that is fun and covers different topics. I have created and edited a podcast before in one of my classes but I have not made one that is 15 minutes long. I learned how to edit videos last semester so I am eager to learn on another software as well as explore different ways to incorporate sound and maybe another person in them. I think learning these production skills can help me in the future with filming and editing. I love making videos so I am really excited about learning the skills needed on how to make my content better. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Katherine Knelson
January 11 at 8:37 AM
I've listened to her podcast, it's so chaotic at times haha! As an editor, any of these experiences are helpful towards film and tv production so it sounds like you are going to be well rounded with your media when you are finished! Good Luck! 
Reply
Skye Grant
January 12 at 1:28 AM
I have heard about her before ! I most definitely have to give her podcast a listen so I can experience everything so many people have to say about her. I think this class will be very beneficial to you as an editor.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

