
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19942036/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 1 Discussion - Skye Grant
Skye Grant posted Jan 12, 2025 1:26 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 https://www.youtube.com/@haileygamba/videos
Podcast Format
I am usually not a podcast listener, I just started listening to podcast but one podcast I have been enjoying is Hailey Gamba. She talks about a lot of self development as a woman, and self development has become my favorite type of podcast to listen to. This podcast format is the mix of engaging interviews and the storytelling narrative. Weather your watching or just listening her podcast are very enjoyable. Her verbal storytelling skills are profound but she also has b-roll going with pictures, videos, or examples which bounces off the topic she may be discussing. Hailey Gamba’s style feels authentic, conversational, and personal, which creates a strong connection with subscribers.
Class Goals
For this class, I hope to learn more about audio production skills that I can apply to my work as a content creator. I currently make YouTube videos, and I’m looking to incorporate more voiceovers into my content to enhance storytelling and engagement. Understanding the technical side of recording, editing, and structuring audio will help me create videos that feel more polished and professional. I also want to develop a better sense of how to match audio with visuals and use sound to elevate my audience’s experience.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Tracy Winckler
January 12 at 6:36 PM
What's up Skye,
I have never really been crazy into podcasts but I plan to dive into some this semester. I like that you mentioned the format of self development podcasts, for I feel like those can really help people better themselves or just stay focused on tasks at hand. I feel like that is definitely an area of podcasts that I will explore. Great post and good luck this semester!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

