
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20171037/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 4
Julia Zielke posted Feb 2, 2025 3:44 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast looks in-depth into criminal cases and the killer behind them with a unique focus on serial killers. It explores the facts that most people don't know even detailing into what likely made them become a killer. The why did this occur mixed in with the details of what truly did occur. In fully honesty, I do not have much motivation towards pursuing this topic in podcast form, but I do have a keen interest into serial killers and their psychology. Trying to understand why someone may act the way they do and what factors influenced it is interesting to me, and I want to learn influences that help develop people to who they are and what actions they do. This type of research helps me understand people and I want to use this to better be able to develop characters for film in the future and have depth to each character I create. I love researching and learning about criminal cases but, it has never been something I love sharing details upon in an informative matter. This likely will be a major challenge when it comes to creating this podcast for me as it doesn't suit my personality. I also have a lot of reservations towards making a publicly seeable podcast to begin with. I will be my own biggest challenge when it comes to making this podcast and while it isn't something I am fully happy with, I still am putting in my best effort to be able to produce something decent. There are many similar podcasts out there that love to go into detail about crimes or serial killers as well as their psychology. A few examples would be Morbid: A True Crime Podcast and Bone Valley. Both of these podcasts are huge and look into criminal cases. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Katherine Knelson
February 2 at 5:43 PM
I think it’s really cool that you’re diving into serial killers and the psychology behind their actions for your podcast. It sounds like you have a unique approach with focusing on the why behind these cases, which could really make your podcast stand out. I totally get how it's not something you’re naturally motivated to share, but it’s awesome that you're pushing yourself to step out of your comfort zone. Plus, your interest in character development for film is such a great angle, it could make your podcast feel more personal and creative. It’s also totally understandable to feel some reservations about sharing such intense content publicly, but I think the fact that you’re giving it your best effort shows a lot of dedication. As for the challenge of creating something you're not totally in love with, sometimes it’s about pushing through and seeing where it can go, and you might end up surprising yourself. The fact that you’re aware of other popular podcasts like Morbid and Bone Valley just shows you’re doing your research and finding ways to make your own voice heard! Keep going, you’ve got this.
Reply
Luke Meadows
February 2 at 10:53 PM
I think your love for doing the research and understanding these cases and people helps you out a lot. Even if podcasting isn't really what you want to do, I think that passion will make it a lot easier for you. Maybe there's a different way of doing your podcast that could make it easier, like doing it like you're telling a story rather than just giving the listener the information. Maybe that could even help you come up with some more character ideas like you mentioned!
Reply
Reggie Walton
February 3 at 6:10 AM
As someone also interested in making stories I think what you have is a very interesting concept for a show. Considering how much inspiration from real people can go into a given work of fiction, I think there is an entertainment value in the kind of show you are describing. I do also understand the feeling of being your own worst enemy in the case of having something you produced by public for all to see. As I'm struggled with getting through my own similar obstacles I think your insistence on making just making decent content instead of trying to make something flawless will make it easier for you and to not be so critical that you second guess yourself. Im sure you've got this
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

