
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19919454/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Makenzie Vliek Discussion 1
Makenzie Vliek posted Jan 9, 2025 1:52 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 The Broski Report- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvIXyp8XSDk&t=1092s&ab_channel=BroskiReport 
This podcast is hosted by Brittney Broski, an online content creator who you might know from her viral TikTok where she was dubbed "Kombucha Girl". I've been following Brittney since 2019, and when she first started her podcast, I was immediately drawn to the set design (I like watching podcasts on YouTube mostly rather than listening only) which mimics the bright and colorful style of a 60's news set. Brittney's podcast is broken up into a few parts and is usually about an hour long, featuring a lighthearted introduction (around 10 minutes) to catch up the audience on what her past week has included then she goes into the meat of the episode and focuses on some form of education (currently, it has been a mix of classical literature, art history, and the Roman Empire) and has some sort of entertaining tie into a meme that has been or was trending. There are emotional moments with body positivity and the highs and lows of girlhood, or the total opposite where she goes into some type of comical rant about social media tidbits like the Timothee Chalamet lookalike contest, movies she's excited for, etc. I love the style of this podcast because it can cover so many topics in one episode and moves quick enough for my attention span to stay engaged. 
Out of this class, I hope to obtain the skills to produce not only my own podcast, but hopefully long form content like Video Essays and the best tools to produce such content. It would be amazing to have a few episodes of a podcast that could go into my portfolio to showcase post graduation (this May!) to potential employers. I think learning just how podcasts are created, from the idea for a topics into the production and post production, as well as how audiences receive the media and critique it is something I am hoping to gain from this class to better prepare me for the professional world!
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Braylie Konrad
January 10 at 4:31 PM
Hi Makenzie! I also enjoy listening to Brittany Broski's podcast. I love how one second she is talking about something totally unserious then the next I catch myself crying with her while she talks about something emotional. She is so relatable and I like how raw and natural her podcast feels. Best wishes to you after you graduate! 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

