
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20050545/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 2
Perry Holliday posted Jan 19, 2025 11:58 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I decided to take this week to listen to Anything Goes with Emma Chamberlain. For those who do not know, Emma Chamberlain was a Youtube vlogger and became an overnight hit. She is still a Youtuber, but has also added influencer, model, podcaster, and businesswoman to her resume. Anything Goes came out in 2020, and she is consistent with uploading new episodes. Her episodes range from opinion pieces, to interviews, to advice sessions. Because I mainly watched her Youtube thrifting hauls when I was in high school, I decided to listened to her episode called "2010's fashion, trendy or timeless".
Many of her episode are between 20-60 minutes, and this episode was 38 minutes long. While she has done a few interviews on her podcast, she was the only one speaking on this episode. She talks about 2010s trends like neon colors, galaxy pants, jeggings, and infinity scarves. The nostalgic factor definitely added bonus points to this episode. There is not a straightforward narrative though. Instead, she brings up each fashion trend and give an opinion on it. This format would not work for a lot of people. However, she has built up a fanbase of followers who want to hear her opinion.
I didn't mind listening, and I found myself agreeing and disagreeing with her. However, I'm not sure if the other episodes would hold my attention as well. Some episode titles are just related to her life experiences. I could not imagine my younger sister enjoying this podcast as much as I did. The target audience is definitely people in their 20s and her Youtube fanbase.  Emma Chamberlain grew up on Youtube in front of people my age. So, it makes sense that her episodes cater to that age demographic. Overall, I think this episode caught my interest, but I do not see myself being a consistent listener... Unless it's something I am interested in.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reggie Walton
January 20 at 9:54 AM
Hey, this was an interesting read. I mean honestly, I don't see myself getting interested but it was interesting hearing about your take on the vlogging form of podcasting since that's a space I usually don't bother with 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

