
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20228364/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Good Interviews - Skye Grant
Skye Grant posted Feb 9, 2025 2:48 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8oRRZiRQxTs 
This is probably one of my favorite interviews. The Club Shay Shay interview with Katt Williams is compelling because it’s raw, unfiltered, and full of unexpected moments. Katt doesn’t hold back, calling out people in the industry and sharing stories that feel both shocking and hilarious. His mix of humor, storytelling, and real talk makes it impossible to look away. The interview is about 2 hours and 30 minutes long which is pretty longbut if your listen to Kat Williams talk about the hip hop industry and also the life lessons he talks about it doesn't even feel like 2 hours. The interview style is more informal and very casual which makes a difference in the interview. Its not really a series of questions it is more of a conversation which makes a big difference when watching. One of the most important moments in this interview is when Kat Williams calls out other comedians and hip hop industry figures. This part is wild because it sparks so much debate online, some people think he’s exposing real truths, while others think he’s stirring drama. But this interview particularly caught the attention of so many and opened up so many conversations about the Hollywood industry and all the comedians and industry professionals.  
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Perry Holliday
February 9 at 9:15 PM
Hey, you chose a great podcast episode! This one was really interesting and I wished it was even longer. Kat Williams made some very wild claims, but there's no telling what he was being honest about. I think he's speaking some truth in regards to how the entertainment industry works. That's why I really liked the episode. There are a lot of secrets revolving powerful people in today's time and I think they are becoming exposed on podcasts like this episode.  Nice post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

