
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20156631/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
My podcast - Perry Holliday
Perry Holliday posted Jan 31, 2025 8:30 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I decided to do my podcast on conspiracy theories. This past episode that I created was about the Pigeons Aren't Real theory. I love discussing conspiracy theories with my friends, especially when the topics are about powerful subjects such as the illuminati, assassinations, and MKUltra. Sometimes there are super extreme and silly conspiracies that I think are fun to weight in on, such as the Pigeons Aren't Real movement. I grew up watching Shane Dawson and other youtubers discuss conspiracy theories on their platforms. My favorite topics were about Chuck E Cheese pizza, the Mandela Effect, and Walt Disney. I would get really spooked out, but would want to watch more. Now I find a lot of new theories on Youtube, TikTok, X, podcasts, and Reddit. Joe Rogan has hosted physiologists, scientists, and other professionals who discussed their own theories on evolution, the afterlife, and other really interesting ideas. I was under the impression that Shane Dawson quit making content a few years ago, but I discovered he has a conspiracy theory podcast and will be listening to that very soon. I love hearing other people's views on really complicated and unsolved subject matters. Most times, the information presented does not fully validate the conspiracy. However, I still feel like I am gaining new knowledge, expanding upon my limited believes, and creating my own theories and ideas.
The major challenge I face is making my podcast unique from others. There are already numerous podcasts that dive really deep into conspiracy theories. I want to try to discuss topics that are less talked about. The Pigeons Aren't Real movement is something I found out about after researching pigeon conspiracy theories. I saw two pigeons in a parking lot, and realized there are a few theories surrounding the birds. I want the rest of my episodes to be based on spontaneous ideas like The Pigeons Aren't Real theory rather than mainstream conspiracies. Making long episodes is also another challenge, but I'm not very worried about it since I picked a topic I really enjoy discussing. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Tracy Winckler
February 1 at 1:46 PM
What's up Perry!
I really like the idea of doing a podcast related to conspiracy theories. I feel like with a topic like this its super easy to lure listeners in just because there are so many different things you could talk about. Also, every episode there could be something completely different. It's also great that its something you love to talk about. That does make it super easy to do a podcast on just because everything flows so naturally. I did my podcast on tennis for that same reason. I love to talk about tennis as is, so making a podcast on it is super fun and free flowing. Great post!
Reply
Keanu Garrett
February 1 at 4:14 PM
Hi Perry! This is a pretty interesting podcast topic! I admire how you are striving to make your podcast unique and to talk about topics that are often overlooked. I think this is a great mindset that will set you apart from all the other conspiracy theory podcasts already out there. However, I think that overall, for people that are really into conspiracy theories your podcast will be a great addition amongst all the others because it's a new and fresh perspective on the theory at hand. You're giving people more to think about regardless because you're coming from a different point of view than everyone else! Overall, very cool topic! 
Reply
Julia Zielke
February 2 at 3:50 PM
Hey Perry!

I have always loved conspiracy theories and how each person usually has their own take on a huge conspiracy. There are always details that change when you hear a conspiracy theory with the overarching conspiracy typically staying the same and I love it. I haven't heard of anything regarding the Chuch E Cheese pizza conspiracy but now I am interested. I was also under the same impression that Shane Dawson quitting content creation and was not away he had started up a podcast but it honestly sounds like it fits him perfectly as he seemed to love talking about conspiracies. Going into less known conspiracy is an amazing idea and I think that will definitely help your podcast be more unique. Good post!
Reply
Kiel Cole
February 2 at 6:27 PM
Hi Perry!
Your podcast sounds like such a fun and unique take on conspiracy theories! I love that you’re focusing on lesser-known topics instead of the mainstream ones that have been covered a million times. I also totally relate to what you said about loving how conspiracy theories challenge your perspective, even if the evidence isn’t always solid. It’s still a way to think critically and explore different viewpoints. I think your spontaneous approach to picking topics will really help make your podcast stand out, and it’s cool that you’re letting curiosity guide your episodes. Keep up the good work!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

