
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19944830/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 1
Julia Zielke posted Jan 12, 2025 2:28 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 A podcast that I typically like is the Critical Role podcast. What I love about this podcast is that you feel as if you are listening to a session of Dungeons and Dragons as it is occuring. They aren't reflecting but rather you hear the fun and can just imagine the scenes unfold. It is always utter chaos unfolding and always allows for a good laugh. Each episode is a continuation of a campaign they are doing in Dungeons and Dragons with Matthew Mercer typically being the dungeon master. The cast members typically vary depending on which campaign they are doing and have changed a bit throughout time.

Truthfully, I want to get a multitude of skills from this class. I have done podcasts in the past that were largely successful but, they were always limited as companies controlled the content and what I was allowed to say and not to say. I want to be able to gain an understanding of what fully goes into creating a podcast rather than just being the on-air personality. I hope to be able to look deeper into the back end of podcasting and experience more of the audio production side.


Podcast | Critical Role 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Makenzie Vliek
January 12 at 6:55 PM
Hi Julia! I love love love the Critical Role podcast! Which campaign is your favorite? This podcast is great because I feel like the players are able to teach new comers to DND how it works and how to have fun! This crew is actually what got me interested in playing, so I'm glad you recommended it! I also like how you're interest in podcast goes beyond just hosting, and instead you're also looking to learn the production ropes to explore that field more. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

