
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20202511/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion Interview Podcast
Anaya Lyons posted Feb 5, 2025 4:11 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 The podcast I found was called Listen B*tch. It features Billie Eilish, asking her questions centered around ghosting
Billie Eilish joins Lily and Miquita for Listen B*tch
1. I think the discussions after the questions have lots of amazing content. It provides for better answers and discoveries about the question. One question was about spirits and they kind of answered the question, then started talking about night terrors and sleep paralysis and how it correlates. Another was about previous work experience dragging over into new work experiences and if they care what other people thought of the past experiences. I thought Billie's response was very inspiring and comforting, and that was that all those experiences make up who we are as a person!
2. It is a little long, its about 44 minutes. Its more than 30 minutes, so that would usually be very long for my short tension span, but I love Billie Eilish so it kept my attention. 
3. The interview style is more informal because there are questions, but the questions sort of branch off into more of a discussion. This style is more fun to listen to, but is a little more unstructured. 
4. I think one really important moment was when they talked about loved ones passing during a question. It seemed like a really deep subject to talk about death, so it was a big focus within the podcast. Death is a very hard subject to talk about, so I feel like it could be a very important subject for the viewers that can relate.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Keanu Garrett
February 6 at 10:23 AM
Hi Anaya! I agree that death is a really hard topic to talk about. I'm thankful for podcast that talk about these hard topics and gives you a space to actually think and process. Everyone can relate or has experience with being affected by death, so I agree with you that it's a very important topic to speak on. Overall, great post!
Reply
Molly Stevens
February 6 at 11:40 AM
Hi Anaya! I think Billie talking about death is something a lot of people can relate to. It might have even helped someone cope with a loss near to them. I think a lot of people also have this conception of celebrities lives being perfect and that they don't experience the same pain as everyone else. I'm sure having Billie open up and talk about her experience earned her some new fans. I'll definitely have to check out the podcast!
Reply
Maggie Butkovich
February 6 at 1:09 PM
Hey Anaya! 
This is very interesting- I like Billie Eilish as well I think she is super creative and talented. I totally agree that it is people's experiences that make up a lot of who they are. I love that you noticed that from her. I also appreciate Billie's honesty about her career in general and the way she openly talks about her mental health and the things that have been hard for her about being famous. Great job!
Reply
Makenzie Vliek
February 8 at 10:13 PM
Hey Anaya! This sounds like a really great episode, and an interesting podcast overall! I also love Billie so I think I'll give this episode a listen soon to hear more on how she talks about more difficult topics like death. Overall, I think that this style of podcast is my favorite, where it's more informal settings that feel like you're just listening to your friends talk while you're doing something else.  Great post!
Reply
Kiel Cole
February 9 at 7:16 PM
Hey Anaya!
It sounds like this interview had some really deep and interesting conversations. I like that the discussions didn’t just stick to the questions but branched off into unexpected topics like sleep paralysis and personal growth. 
Reply
Braylie Konrad
February 10 at 12:14 AM
Hi Anaya! I totally agree that when interviews have questions that then, branch off into discussions it is so much more interesting to watch. To me, it would be boring to have a strictly formal interview that focused on only answering the exact question asked. I think Billie being able to take about death is a very important aspect of the interview too because it is not easy to do and can be challenging.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

