
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20236276/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 5
Luke Meadows posted Feb 9, 2025 11:34 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ainOTjr9SxQ
This interview is compelling mostly just for football fans because it's an interview with a current NFL head coach who has won a Super Bowl. Being able to hear a coach in that position is very compelling just because of how rare it is to come across.
Another factor of it is the interviewee's (Sean McVay) attitude and perspective on things. For an NFL head coach, he's very open, honest and genuine about things whereas a lot of coaches are seen as dry, stick-in-the-mud types. His passion for the game is very clear.
The podcast is an hour long, which probably sounds excruciating to non-sports fans, but it comes out to the perfect length because the interviewer does a great job of keeping the interview feeling conversational and interesting.
That leads into my answer to the third question. The interviewer definitely has a laid back, relaxed style of interviewing, while still asking questions that are really thoughtful and elicit great responses from the coach.
Honestly, the moment that sticks out to me as most important is when the coach talks about keeping healthy habits in order to be able to do what he does. "I used to think it was cool to get away with not sleeping... that is the dumbest sh-- I've ever heard." He talks a little about his struggles and how he's overcome things, and I just think it's really interesting to hear that from someone in his position.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reggie Walton
February 9 at 11:42 PM
Ive never really shared interest in sports but I really did like this interview. I especially liked the talk on healthy habits too. Very interesting and you can tell with how he talks that its something they are passionate about 
Reply
Julia Zielke
February 12 at 1:01 AM
Hey Luke!
I've always had an interest in sports and used to do photography for my high school football team. I listened to a bit of this podcast and honestly, Sean McVay seemed really genuine like you said and you could hear his passion through his words. The most important moment that stuck out to you really strikes home for a lot of people. I used to know so many people who thought that the lack of sleep was the coolest thing in the world and they either still struggle or have learned how stupid it really was. Overall good post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

