
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20225626/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Tracy Winckler - Discussion 5
Tracy Winckler posted Feb 8, 2025 10:59 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Podcast Link - https://open.spotify.com/episode/6vkwko4uQ87O0QFyoxGZjx?si=3d461787f0f447f6
In this interview, the podcast host Andy Roddick interviews the 2025 Australian Open Women's champion Madison Keys and her coach/husband Bjorn Fratangelo. I think what makes this interview so compelling is that both guests offer a large amount of vulnerability in what they are talking about. With tennis being a very mental sport with a lot of mental highs and lows, both Bjorn (a former player) and Madison talk about there mental struggles while on tour as well as what it took for Madison to get back to winning form at this years Australian Open. Roddick had questions to throughout the interview, but really let the interviewees talk with no interruptions.
The podcast lasts about 2 hours long, with Bjorn's interview lasting around an hour, and Madison's interview lasting around 30 minutes. I think these interviews were the right length, especially considering the context of the situation. Bjorn and Madison had both been on media runs for a good week and a half, so getting this much out of them at this point in an interview was amazing work considering that they had been answering similar questions and talking about the win for so long at this point.
Andy Roddick starts of the interview with a list of questions, but works his way into the interview being informal with personal conversation. I think this makes a big difference because this is what causes them to get vulnerable with their answers and dive into things deeply.
I feel as though the most important moment in this interview is about 35 minutes in when he is still interviewing Bjorn. Bjorn gets very personal into him and Madison's struggles on how they got her back to this level of very good tennis. With Madison Keys going though a very open struggle with her game for the past few years, this kind of sets up the whole podcast and the rest of the interviews with the information they will be talking about.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

