
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19929791/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion - Braylie Konrad
Braylie Konrad posted Jan 10, 2025 4:26 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Podcast Format:
A podcast I enjoy listening to is "Just Trish" with Trisha Paytas and Oscar Gracey as the hosts. I love the chemistry these two have, it is so raw, funny, and you can tell they are best friends outside of work. The podcast primarily talks about things happening in pop culture, their takes on it, and they offer their funny commentary as well. I really enjoy the fact that this podcast has two hosts and they are just being themselves on it. It has also been so amazing to see how far Trisha Paytas has come in her career and how she has grown into a more evolved person over the years. They also do a lot of interviews with celebrities/influencers and these interviews have the same raw, open format they have on their own which is refreshing to see. Overall, this podcast is basically like being on a call with your two friends and hearing them talk about the latest news in pop culture which I really like! 
Just Trish Podcast: https://youtu.be/lre6urTNmGU?si=mgQqtfHteqwJJQRH
What I hope to get out of the class: 
I would love to learn more about producing a podcast within this class. My siblings and I have always joked that one day we want to start a podcast of our own and I hope this class teaches me how I could possibly do that one day. I love listening to podcasts so, it will be really cool to see how the whole production aspect of podcasting happens! Moreover, I would love to see how the podcast workflow happens as well. How often should you be recording? How much editing goes into each podcast episode? How do you maintain quality sound throughout the entirety of an episode? etc. These are all questions I would love to have answered and have more information about. I am also excited for creating a podcast project in this class, I think it'll be fun to have something like that of my own and learn all about the process of making one!
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Katherine Knelson
January 11 at 8:36 AM
I will have to check out Just Trish. I love the idea of doing a podcast with siblings. I think that would be a cool way to also preserve memories in a way that would be around forever. One thing I love about media is that it captures so many things that would be lost if not talked about. Good Luck in the class! 
Reply
Perry Holliday
January 12 at 8:00 PM
Hey! I find Trisha Paytas to be super funny, so I definitely need to listen to her podcast. I come across clips of her on social media every once in a while. I also really want to understand how the production process works in podcasting. I feel like I make it more complicated when I think about it. I'm just excited to try!
Reply
Carter Cleary
January 12 at 10:19 PM
I like how you said the podcast feels like being on a call with your 2 friends and just talking. I feel the same way about 2 bears one cave, the podcast that I really enjoy because it just feels like 2 friends talking and making jokes and it feels very natural. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

