
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20158439/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Makenzie Vliek Discussion 4
Makenzie Vliek posted Jan 31, 2025 1:27 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast is called "Why's It Gotta be Queer?" and each week I explore a different piece of impactful media for the queer community throughout modern times. My first episode was an introduction to the topic, as well as myself the host. I talked about how some of my favorite queer media has impacted my life and examples of queer media, as well as questioning the audience on what their thoughts were when it came to defining the word "queer" itself. My motivations for pursuing this topic were being able to explore something that is such a crucial part of who I am: being queer, as well as the media I grew up with and its impacts on not only myself but other people in the LGBTQIA+ community. I think that exploring media like movies, tv shows, and music and the times they came out around are important to look at, as well as how they impacted the social climate at the time. Further, what are the impacts of media like this today? Does it serve a broader purpose in today's world than it did at the time it originally came out? These are all things I plan on discussing in my podcast episodes. Major challenges for this podcast are going to be making sure I don't ramble on too much during episodes, something I have a tendency of doing when I'm passionate about the thing I'm speaking on. Another issue is narrowing down what pieces of media I want to focus on, as I have so many ideas of good topics to discuss for episodes. Podcasts similar to mine would be "Making Gay History" which is where hosts talk about important moments in LGBTQIA+ history, as well as interviewing incredible members of the community such as historians and activists. There is also the "Queer America" podcast which educates listeners on history that isn't taught in classrooms, and tells uplifting stories from the LGBTQIA+ community. Finally, a third podcast that is similar to mine that I think is very interesting is the "BAIT: a queerbaiting podcast" where hosts analyze some very popular ships in media and see whether or not the writers are queerbaiting watchers. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Molly Stevens
February 2 at 2:16 PM
Hey Makenzie! I love your idea! I am actually doing something similar to you. I love lgbtq content in shows and films so your podcast is right up my alley. I think it is interesting to go back and look at the different time periods of when these shows, movies, music came out. I also have the tendency to ramble on as well. In my first episode I had to cut some things out at the end because I rambled on for a bit. It can be hard to structure out your podcast so that you know what you are talking about for how long. Overall, I love your idea and can't wait to see how your podcast turns out!
Reply
Skye Grant
February 2 at 9:46 PM
Hey Makenzie !
Your podcast sounds great, and I love the focus on how queer media has shaped and reflected different social eras. The way you’re questioning the meaning of “queer” and diving into the cultural impact of movies, TV, and music makes for some great episodes in the future ! I understand the struggle of narrowing down topics, especially with so much content to choose from. Maybe breaking episodes into relatable things that are happening in today’s society, or you could start with your own backstory of being queer. And let the conversation unravel naturally I think it will take you in the exact direction your looking for.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

