
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19934882/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Kat Knelson - Discussion 1
Katherine Knelson posted Jan 11, 2025 8:34 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 One podcast I particularly like is The Maximized Minimalist by Katie Joy Wells.https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/maximized-minimalist-podcast/id1460805372
In this podcast, the host, Katie gives advice on organization, decluttering and implementing systems in a busy home that work. We run an apiary and also have chickens among our other indoor pets and keeping things in systems helps us enjoy our hard work. 
This podcast format is simply one host with the occasional guest. I like the length of the episodes being around 12 minutes it makes it easy to listen to without feeling like it will keep me there too long. Katie Wells usually starts her podcast off with a nice intro and then poses a question before smoothly transitioning into an example of her own and then closes with inspiration and tools to help you along your way. 
I'm very interested in podcasting. I was a professional B-girl most of my life and have a lot of stories from the entertainment industry as well as a lot of friends who have stories. I also love the stories my parents have being artists in Tennessee as young adults and then starting their careers in Palm Beach where I grew up. I would love to tap into these different stories and share them because ultimately I believe sharing experiences and storytelling helps us grow and come together as humans. Aside from this podcast, I love meditation podcasts, anything productivity based, creative or film/tv production subject related. I hope to learn better production skills and the different structures podcasts can take on. 
I look forward to this course and have wanted to take it for a long time now. Thank you! 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Julia Zielke
January 12 at 2:32 PM
Hey Kat!
I haven't heard of this podcast before but it honestly seems really interesting. I do enjoy shorter podcasts just because it's nice to listen to on the way to work without having to stop midway through and resume later. I hope you are able to learn more production skills and are able to tap into those stories as those would be amazing to hear!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

