
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20176133/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 4 - Skye Grant
Skye Grant posted Feb 2, 2025 9:14 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast is called The Generational Gap, a podcast where we dive into the controversial opinions and misconceptions of genz and millennials. When I thought about my podcast I wanted to pick something that I could talk about for hours. I am not really a podcast person but if I was going to make a podcast, I wanted it to be something I could talk about for hours. I aimed for it to be entertaining but also aimed for it to be a think piece coming from someone who is apart of Gen Z. One of the biggest reasons I wanted to explore the generational divide is because I’ve seen firsthand how different the perspectives of Gen Z and Millennials can be hot topics whether it’s about work ethic, relationships, or social media.
One challenge I may run into with this podcast is it unintentionally turning into a rant. I don’t want it to see like I am just someone on the mic just talking. I want it to be intentional but also flow very naturally. Another challenge I think will arise getting guest on the podcast, because I live on campus majority of us fall into the Gen Z category. So I think it would be difficult to get those that are millennials to come into my podcast.

I actually haven’t seen to many podcast that are like mine that are out there. But I have watched a mini game show that was Gen Z vs Millennials. And when I was thinking of a podcast idea it immediately sparked from there. The way both generations went back and forth debating and calling each other out was entertaining, but it also made me think about the way each generation grew up and how it has shaped us today. Overall there’s a lot to unpack, and I felt like this podcast could be a way to break it all down in a way that’s both funny and insightful.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Carter Cleary
February 2 at 10:03 PM
Hey Skye, I have the same problem with being intentional with my words. I go off on rants very easily and it kind of derails conversations and I get lost in what I am saying and lose my point. A good idea that I was given is to write out an outline of sorts, kind of like a little script and make sure you are hitting all those points in a time window. Editing also helps a lot because if you go back and listen and realize you have just talked for nothing relevant for 10 minutes then you can edit that section out.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

