
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20008935/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Makenzie Vliek Discussion 2
Makenzie Vliek posted Jan 16, 2025 12:24 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 This week, I found a new podcast called The Psychology of Your 20s. Hosted by Jemma Sbeg, this podcast has two episodes a week around an hour long that come out on Tuesdays and Fridays. The show goes in depth on issues many people face in their twenties like how to deal with drug and alcohol pressure, dating advice, career planning, and so many other problems that people in their twenties face. The ideal audience for this is in the name, people in their twenties, but I think that the advice can be for people of any age. The episode I chose to listen to is about how to heal yourself from any sexual shame such as assault, harassment, and other things you might be harboring. This episode actually has a guest, Dr. Emily Jamea who is a sex and relationship therapist that has stopped by to give advice on such a vulnerable topic. 
With such personal topics, it's easy for listeners to feel seen and heard by Sbeg, as she often taken requests from listeners for new topics to discuss. As the book highlights, "[T]he podcast is speaking to them—often from inside their own dang heads, via earbuds—about a topic they specifically selected, that’s being delivered to them by people they feel familiarity with" (Weldon, 5). Podcast listeners are looking for sometimes a sense of community, but other times I think more often than not, they are looking for someone to say what they've been keeping hidden inside. For many people in their twenties, it can feel like we're at that odd in between stage, where we don't feel like kids anymore and we more often are living on our own, but at the same time are probably still going to call our parents when we don't know how to do something as mundane as understanding what the wrench light means on our dashboard and why it won't turn off (or at least that's why I called my mom today). A podcast where we as young adults are able to share and learn how to deal with honestly what I feel is the most confusing time of our lives is what Weldon points out in this chapter is the purpose of a podcast, "people with specialized (read: obscure-towackadoodle) interests who once were isolated but now are able to find one another and ecstatically commune" (Weldon, 13). So while this isn't the most niche interest, The Psychology of Your 20s podcast is making being a 20 something teenage adult feel more and more normal with each episode. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Maggie Butkovich
January 16 at 7:26 PM
I totally agree that podcast listeners are looking for someone to understand their inner thoughts. I think this is such a great podcast idea because its easy to feel like no one is going through hard things that you are when in reality it is totally normal to not have job security, not know anything about your future, not have a significant other, etc. I'll have to listen to this!
Reply
Tracy Winckler
January 16 at 9:22 PM
What's up Makenzie,
I feel like podcasts like this hold a lot of value to people considering that your 20s can be a very uncertain period in your life because of all the different things going on and influencing you. I think the quote from the reading that you highlighted describes this podcast perfectly. This podcast can act as a comfort zone to the people who are listening. Great post!
Reply
Anaya Lyons
January 17 at 11:16 AM
Hey! I enjoyed reading your post! It made ne want to listen to this podcast because it seems to be helpful to me being I am 22. I love to listen to podcasts that are relatable because it has more to do with my life and bettering it. I agree and think this podcast would benefit many listeners even ones that aren't around the age of 20.
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
January 18 at 1:40 PM
I love how you described The Psychology of Your 20s as a comforting and relatable guide for navigating such a confusing time in life. The way Jemma Sbeg blends personal topics with listener requests really does make the podcast feel like a safe space, as Weldon mentions about fostering intimacy. Your point about how it normalizes the struggles of being in your twenties is so true sometimes just hearing others talk about these shared experiences can make all the difference. It sounds like a great listen!
Reply
Victoria Tucker
January 18 at 4:12 PM
This sounds like a really cool podcast! I don't like drinking and partying at all and sometimes not wanting to hang out with others who want to do that is very isolating. I like that you pointed out the intimacy of podcasts. It really does often feel like the host is just talking to you. Thanks for sharing!
Reply
Josh Mitchell
January 19 at 9:47 PM
This podcasts sound intriguing. Mainly because I'm in my twenties and can attest that I experience at least one or two of the issues that are being touched on during this podcast. That was a great excerpt you pulled from this week's reading to tie into the narrative of this podcast. Good job
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

