
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20165491/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 4: YOUR podcast - Keanu Garrett
Keanu Garrett posted Feb 1, 2025 4:05 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 The topic of my podcast, “Lovers Tell.” is the attributes of God. I tell personal stories that highlight one of God’s attributes. My motivation for pursuing this topic was because there is nothing else that I could talk about for the course of the semester that would bring me joy and fulfillment. I wanted to choose a topic that is important to me because when something means something to you it is easier to maintain/ keep pursuing even in the busyness of life/ schoolwork. Also, my faith is important to me, and I want to share it with others and help people to know who God truly is and how personal He is that He would move in the life of people today. I think that a major challenge to making my podcast would be planning it out in advance and learning how to tell stories in a way that flows. The due date of the first episode came quicker than I thought it would. That being said, I was not able to plan as much and had to tell my story from memory. This made me realize that more preparation is needed for a podcast than I thought, which could be a challenge as I am trying to balance everything else. I am not sure of podcasts that are out there that are just like mine, however, there is this YouTube channel that has inspired the idea of my podcast. It is called “Wonderful Acts,” and it is a channel where this Christian wife and mother tells stories from her life of how God came through for her, taught her, and moved in her life. I love to hear people's stories about their faith, and I feel like I could listen to them all day, so this idea has always piqued my interest. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Katherine Knelson
February 2 at 5:41 PM
I absolutely love your podcast idea! It sounds so uplifting and genuinely heartwarming. The fact that you’re sharing personal stories about God and His attributes is such a beautiful way to connect with people. I really admire how you’re putting something so meaningful to you out there, and I’m sure it’ll resonate with others. I totally get how balancing school, life, and planning a podcast can be tricky, though it definitely sneaks up on you! But it sounds like you’re already learning what works best for you. Also, I think it’s awesome that Wonderful Acts inspired you. Stories about faith are always so powerful, and I’m sure your podcast will bring so much joy to people who listen. Keep going, it sounds amazing!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

