
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20152011/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Julia McLaughlin
Julia McLaughlin posted Jan 30, 2025 4:44 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 For my podcast I had decided to share my story of living with chronic illnesses, this is a topic that is often overlooked and misunderstood. I personally struggle with four different chronic illnesses on the daily along with two learning disabilities which has shaped most of my life. I was diagnosed with Mitochondrial Disorder, POTS (Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome), Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (EDS), and Gastroparesis, along with ADHD and Memory Learning Disorder. These conditions can affect both my daily life but they also provide a unique view on life and gives me the chance to see my own experiences and the experiences of others. In the first episode I did last week I talked about my life with Mitochondrial Disorder. I had explained how it affects me  along with how it impacts others who also live with Mitochondrial disorder and Mitochondrial disease. One of the things I went  into is the difference between Mitochondrial Disease and Mitochondrial Disorder and how it was only recently discovered by scientists. This new understanding on the difference of the two has opened doors for better research and more treatments, even though there is still a long way to go. You will also be able to see how big of a difference the two are. Each episode of my podcast also goes into not just the details of the illness but also an interesting and often surprising personal story. These stories will range from my experiences with doctors who have used me as a guinea pig in the pursuit of treatments for there own selfish wants with money to a near-death experience a friend  that had involved being helicopter-lifted to the hospital.  Through my podcast I really hope to raise awareness about chronic illnesses and give a voice to the people who feel like their struggles are not understood.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Anaya Lyons
January 30 at 7:22 PM
Hello! First, I just want to give my regards, it seems like hell to go through something as rare as this. You are the bravest I have seen, and I know you will get through this. I have never heard of a podcast genre like this, so it did intruige me to see what you'd talk about in your podcast. It seems like a good way to bring awareness to these diseases as well! I, as I'm sure tons of other people without these diseases, would love to hear about your story if not to relate, but support you through your journey.
Reply
Perry Holliday
January 31 at 8:48 AM
Hey, I absolutely love your idea. I think your podcast has potential to impact many people whether they need more support or just want to learn new information. Your experiences dealing with multiple illnesses is something I would definitely want to hear about. I am intrigued listening to podcasts about real life experiences. I have a friend who was diagnosed with gastroparesis, POTS, EDS, and two other illnesses. I have learned a lot from reading her posts on social media educating others about her illnesses. I think your podcast topic will reach audiences that could benefit from listening. Great idea!
Reply
Makenzie Vliek
January 31 at 1:46 PM
Hi Julia! I think this is a really interesting and amazing topic for a podcast, it is able to make people who could be struggling with the same or similar diseases feel more seen and understood. I also want to say how strong you are for not only living with these illnesses, but also being so brave by talking about your experiences living with them so openly. Talking about such complex topics, especially with the lived experience, is something very commendable and brave, and I think this podcast could get very popular! I cannot wait to listen to your podcast and hear your experiences as well as learn and educate myself more about illnesses I didn't know much about before.  
Reply
Josh Mitchell
February 2 at 12:55 AM
Hey Julia! First, I want to say I love your topic! I love it because it is a topic that is different from the norm. Secondly, I love it because it is an informative topic that sheds light on different illnesses that people chronically live with that one may not know even exists. Have you heard of Cannabinoid Hyperemesis Syndrome? If not, I suggest you check that one out. I did not know it existed until one week I noticed I kept getting sick whenever I would smoke or be around somebody smoking so I googled my symptoms and was led to the discovery of CHS. Your podcast will be great!!
Reply
Braylie Konrad
February 2 at 3:30 PM
Hi Julia! I think this is an awesome podcast idea. It is a great way to share your story and help others who are struggling with the same illnesses. A lot of times, people are not even aware of these chronic illnesses exist so, to have more light shed on them would be super impactful. It is so brave of you to share your story through your podcast and you are so strong for doing that! This podcast could spread awareness about chronic illnesses because a lot of times, I do not see enough information/awareness being spread about them. Overall, great post!!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

