
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20181302/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 4
Reggie Walton posted Feb 3, 2025 5:49 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 What was your motivation for pursuing this topic?
My motivation for going through with my podcasting idea was my initial love for video games. I saw them as timeless forms of entertainment that kept me engaged with several factors that all feature a unique creative aspect. I like the Tekken series because of the look and depth of the gameplay. I like the Devil May Cry series for its iconic characters and challenging game modes. I like Guilty Gear for its music. My passion for these games led me to look at the multimedia these games and others like it produced. Just to see how the things I liked looked in different mediums.
What do you see as major challenges to making this podcast?
I believe the chief obstacle to this podcast will be the research that might it require. As much as I love games I clearly cant operate on prior knowledge alone if I am to cover these games and the media they produce in depth. Perhaps learning about games and movies wont be difficult but it will be time-consuming I suspect.
What other podcasts like yours are out there?
While the genre of podcast I prefer is different from the one I am trying to make at this moment. I have heard about other shows that do focus on some aspects of games. One of these shows are called Triple Click. It is also a podcast that focuses on games ut rather game releases as well as the history behind them. As of this moment I have yet to actually listen to an episode but I suspect that they too also invest a fair amount of research to talk about the games extensively. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

