
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20046223/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Jmitch- The Purpose Of A Podcast
Josh Mitchell posted Jan 19, 2025 9:36 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 For the longest, I've seen promo videos on Instagram for Chris Van Vliet's podcast on wrestling. It immediately caught my attention because I did not think anybody had a wrestling-based podcast. Secondly, in one of the many promo vids, I saw him interviewing a wrestler from the 90's who was my favorite. That instantly made me follow his Instagram page. Keep in mind, that I have not watched wrestling shows in a decade so there are a plethora of current wrestlers that I do not know that he is interviewing as I skim through his page. That led me to decide if he had a traditional audio podcast in the app for iPhone users. Of course, he did.
I found Chris Van Vliet's podcast, titled "Insight". His podcasts usually drop every Thursday, but this one came out on a Friday. It seems like his podcasts are generally about an hour and a quarter long. For time's sake, I chose one that happened to be right at an hour long. While saving time played a big part in my decision, the special guest also played a big part. The special guest in episode #671 is Dominik Mysterio. He is the son of one of my favorite wrestlers of all time, Rey Mysterio Jr.
Audio-wise, there are only two people present. The target audience of this podcast is pretty much the average fan of wrestling. "Very few podcasts start with a built-in audience. This is why, to grow your own listenership, you must first imagine what others would find fascinating, intriguing, puzzling, motivating, or enlightening—and then provide that, so they want to stay in conversation with you" (pg. 17). Picking wrestling as his subject of interest is genius since people of all ages, races, genders, etc. love wrestling. His audience is already established and he will never run out of content.
I believe the narrative is told in the title of this podcast. The narrative is to deliver "insight" by touching on the great and controversial parts of wrestler's characters and lives. Chris essentially asks the interviewee questions that fans who want to know are dying to figure out. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

