
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20044536/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 2 - Keanu Garrett
Keanu Garrett posted Jan 19, 2025 8:30 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 The podcast that I listened to for this discussion is called “And They Were Roommates.” This is a podcast hosted by Austin Brown and Mackenzie Ziegler. I watched the episode entitled “Dating in general” which was about forty minutes long. Their episodes typically range between thirty to fifty minutes. These two are twenty and twenty-two years old so I think that their target audience would be young adults as well. They definitely speak to the younger generation because that is the perspective they themselves are coming from. Within this podcast they keep to the narrative of dating, however they talk about so many different topics underneath the umbrella of dating. They talk about dating in the industry, dating young, break ups, and so forth. This podcast is filmed on a couch and they both have mics in their hands facing each other so it feels like you are tuning into a conversation between two friends, which I love. Something that we have talked about a lot through discussion posts is how these more “intimate” environments in podcasts are better. I think that when it comes to the “And They Were Roommates” podcast it gives you this feel of community because it is not so structured. Also, in this podcast, though they are talking about one topic, they go with the flow. They do not structure their topics they just let the conversation flow naturally. In this week’s reading we talked about how the consumers of the podcast should feel like they are the only ones that are listening. It talked about how if this is achieved the podcast hosts are accomplishing their task (Weldon, 5). I feel like Mackenzie and Austin accomplished this in their episode. I really felt like a third person on their couch with them just listening and was just able to get lost in what they were saying.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

