
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20208682/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 5
Molly Stevens posted Feb 6, 2025 11:28 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajEcNQhc-Os
This podcast is an interview with Alexandra Swarens (the director, writer, and actor) and Mak Shealy (the other actor) getting interviewed about their newest film that came out called The Holiday Club. I found this interview as I was looking for more press based on the movie.
This interview was compelling because you got to hear more about the process it took for Alexandra to write the film as well as how quick it was for Mak to get hired. Mak talked about how she got hired and the next day had to fly out to Ohio where the film was shot. It was interesting to hear how fast the casting process took as well as the writing. Alexandra said she wrote the script in February and then they shot the film in April.
The episode was 44 minutes. I didn't think it was long and was the perfect amount of time when I was in the car driving listening to it.
I would say the interview style was more informal than formal. It felt more like a conversation between the group rather than firing off question after question. The interviewer would ask a question and they would kind of branch off and talk about different things related to that question. I think having pre determined questions is fine but some interviews are fun when the interviewee talks about other things.
The most important moment during this interview was when they were talking about how you shouldn't regret putting stuff out there just because it might not have a big budget. Both of them said that the stuff they put out in the past few years has helped people and that's more important than if the project doesn't have a big budget. They said it is important to keep creating so that other people can feel represented.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

