
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20032308/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Victoria Tucker
Victoria Tucker posted Jan 18, 2025 4:08 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I listened to the podcast called RUN, FOOL! which is a part of the MrBallen conglomerate. I’ve meant to listen to it for a while, but I decided to give it a try for this class. This show is hosted by Rodney Barnes and he basically tells ghost stories. The episodes are roughly thirty minutes long, including advertisements.
The podcast falls under podcast profile four which is the Narrative podcast (pages 31-33). Unlike what the book recommends, this fictional story was not read out by actors, but by the singular narrator. The podcast is a cross between an audio book and a radio drama, because it has a narrator telling the story, but it also has music and sound effects in the background. The whole podcast involves telling a fictional short story from beginning to end. It definitely is scripted. The writer took time to complete the script so that Barnes would read it out, leaving no opportunity for adlib or any sort of spontaneity.
This particular episode was called “Stairway to Hell” and involved a ghost story about two college students who have a supernatural encounter at an abandoned church in Kansas. As the book recommends under “Must-haves,” it is well-researched at least in a location sense, but obviously the writer has no grasp of the Christian religion since the religious elements were very cliche. This is definitely a large-scale production that would certainly be difficult for a new podcaster to do unless they had previous audio mixing experience.
The primary audience is people who like to be spooked such as horror enthusiasts under 45. True crime would be a secondary audience, which is why I decided to give the show a try, but it’s not my favorite. I prefer spooky podcasts with the possibility of the encounter being real.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Skye Grant
January 19 at 2:33 PM
Hey Victoria ! 
I have never heard of this before I am most definitely going to have to check it out. I also get why you’d lean toward spooky podcasts with real encounters it adds a layer of intrigue when you feel like what you’re hearing could have actually happened. 
Reply
Julia Zielke
January 19 at 2:50 PM
Hey Victoria!

I haven't ever heard of this podcast but it immediately catches my attention just because it sounds like it would be a funny podcast. I really love the concept of it and how they tell ghost stories with that being the name of the podcast as it fits perfectly. It sounds like a great podcast that I will have to check out eventually since I love horror!
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
January 19 at 7:41 PM
Your analysis of RUN, FOOL! provides a thorough breakdown of the podcast's structure and target audience. I found your comparison to an audiobook and radio drama especially insightful music and sound effects certainly add a distinct layer to the storytelling. It’s interesting that the fictional ghost story format didn’t align with your preference for potentially real encounters, yet you still appreciated the production quality.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

