
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20134237/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
My Podcast- Anaya's Conspiracy Theories
Anaya Lyons posted Jan 28, 2025 5:37 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Hello! I have decided to do my podcast on conspiracy theories! I love talking about different things especially topics where people could do somewhat of a "playful argue". I love to see how other think about certain topics like conspiracies, I find it fun and interesting. I love the Shane Dawson podcast which talk about different conspiracy theories, and what different people think about stupid topics, like fast food conspiracies. I think the silly, unserious ones are my favorite to discuss. My challenges I believe I'll face with this podcast is repeating categories, which isn't too bad because it gives me opportunities to talk about several different conspiracies within that category. Like for example fast food conspiracies might have several parts because there could be more coming out or ones I have yet to cover. Another challenge could be in filming because I do end up getting nervous and/or excited when I talk about these topics. I stutter or its hard for me to find the right words while filming. My first episode I believe I could do much better on. A final challenge I know I'll run into is trying to make sure people that visit my podcast don't clip. My friends are very passionate individuals, so we do get pretty loud when it comes to us having certain discussions. Some other Podcasts are "Jumpers Jump" and Call me Kris' "Crime, Conspiracies, and Murder" podcasts. The first is one I've heard of on TikTok, and recommended by a friend. They use comedy to present different conspiracy theories, and are actually pretty funny and a joy to watch. The second is a podcast I am actively addicted to. I believe someone in this class recommended me to her. Thank you for whoever it was! I love the way Kris describes the different details of each topic, and how she presents most in the form of a narrative. She doesn't do lots of conspiracy theories, but is very experienced at capturing the audience with the several cases of murder talked about in her podcast series.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Victoria Tucker
January 28 at 11:04 PM
Your podcast sounds really fun! Have you ever thought of scripting your podcasts? That's what I do. I go off the cuff sometimes, but having a script often grounds me so I don't end up rambling or disorganized. Also there's no shame in pausing and tacking a deep breath to help with stuttering. You can always cut out the deep breath! Lastly, adjusting gain on your microphone can help with clipping. Try doing some test runs to see what gain level works for you. Best wishes with your podcast!

I love KallMeKris! I listen to every new episode that comes out! It's such an engaging and fun podcast.
Reply
Maggie Butkovich
January 29 at 4:19 PM
Hey Anaya!
I totally related to the thing you said about making sure there was no clipping when you get excited or fired up. I was thinking about that too with some of my friends who can make me laugh or just get hype about things we talk about. Also I have never been a conspiracy podcast girl but I am intrigued by the silly ones you talked about. I do think it is funny and entertaining to watch people dispute sort of unserious things. I've never heard of fast food conspiracies but I will have to look into that! Thanks for sharing!
Reply
Garrett Bliek
January 29 at 8:43 PM
Hi Anaya! I did not even think about doing conspiracy theories as a topic! It makes me jealous that I chose sports instead! I think you have inspired me to possibly talk about cryptids next podcast! Of course, this depends on if we get to choose the subject again. My struggles were similar because the rate at which I can talk sometimes allows me to miss some aspects of the topic that I wanted to discuss. I try to tell myself to just slow down as much as possible, and these little challenges are definitely ones that we will be able to overcome!
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
January 30 at 4:47 PM
Your podcast idea sounds like a lot of fun! I totally get how conspiracy theories especially the sillier ones can spark lively debates and playful arguments. It’s great that you’re diving into those topics, and it sounds like you’ve found some awesome inspiration from Shane Dawson, "Jumpers Jump," and Kris' podcast. It’s always cool when you find a podcast that you connect with, and I can tell you’ve been really inspired by the narrative style of Kris' podcast.
Reply
Makenzie Vliek
January 31 at 1:35 PM
Hey Anaya! This is such a fun idea for a podcast, I love learning about  new conspiracy theories especially off the cuff ones. Even if they're a little silly, I think conspiracies are always fun to hear out and maybe even test out. I used to watch Shane Dawson's conspiracy videos all the time in high school and remembered loving them so much (especially the ones about fast food when his friends would be with him). I can't wait to give your podcast a listen to hear what conspiracy theories you talk about each week, I think you'll be really entertaining to listen to!
Reply
Braylie Konrad
February 2 at 3:18 PM
Hey Anaya! This is such a good podcast idea. Personally, I think the repeating categories is okay for a podcast such as yours because as someone who loves listening to conspiracy theories I never mind if they are regarding the same categories sometimes. I definitely could have done better on my first episode as well, it is hard in the heat of the moment to find the right words for what you are thinking. But, I think as we keep pursuing this project it'll get easier to record! That would also be cool to have your friends come on the podcast to discuss the conspiracy theories too, I definitely want to have some of mine on my podcast eventually as well! Overall, great post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

