
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20137218/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 4 Discussion
Victoria Tucker posted Jan 28, 2025 10:59 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 What is your motivation in pursuing this topic? – There aren’t really an podcasts that review Christian and/or Conservative movies exclusively and I think it would be useful for people who want to watch more films made by people with those beliefs. There is a big boost in the number of Christian/Conservative movies being made as people are looking for Hollywood alternatives. I think that holding theses movies to a critical standard is important and also bringing awareness to the good movies made by companies such as Angel Studios and The Daily Wire is important too. There are often good movies that slip through the cracks of peoples’ attention, especially if hardly anyone or no one at all is covering them.
What do you see as major challenges to making this podcast? – I don’t think I could make this more than a weekly podcast because there are just not enough Christian conservative films and shows being release regularly. More are being made, but I wouldn’t want to outpace the rate, so this show would have to be weekly or biweekly. There is a backlog of films, I’d like to bring to light though.
Unless this podcast happens to get big, I don’t see myself bringing on a ton of interviewees unless I attract actors or directors, but even if I liked the actor or director, I would still give an objective review of the film. I don’t ever plan on being a sell-out. I happen to know a Christian conservative professional actress for the interview podcast, but as a small podcast starting out, I see this as a challenge.
What other podcasts like yours are out there? – Salem Podcast Network and Focus on the Family Podcast Network are the only two I could find. They mostly review mainstream movies but from a Christian perspective.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Maggie Butkovich
January 29 at 4:25 PM
Hey Victoria!
This is a really creative idea. I have been Christian for like 7 years but I have never really gotten into Christian films or anything. I am definitely interested! I do agree that we have to be critical of these films but I also love the idea of covering some movies that would not be considered mainstream Hollywood material. You could start with films and maybe move to songs or Youtube videos or some other form of Christian-based media. It is cool to review a regular film from a Christian perspective as well. And I wonder who your interview guest will be! 


Reply
Perry Holliday
January 31 at 9:03 AM
Hey! I liked reading about your podcast idea. You selected a super niche topic that has potential to reach a really large audience. I think that is the perfect formula for creating a successful podcast. Movies have becomes very fast paced along with American society and culture, so your topic would help people explore films that are somewhat slower and more meaningful to them. You brought up a great point about the fact that there are not many Christian or conservative films being made compared to the rest of the movie industry. Maybe this will lead you to discovering new films or inspiring filmmakers to create more. Nice post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

