
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20047890/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Garrett Bliek
Garrett Bliek posted Jan 19, 2025 10:36 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 This week I watched "Club 520" which is former NBA player Jeff Teague's podcast. Based on the name you would not assume it pertains to anything with the NBA or sports world; however, you find some of the best stories involving almost a behind-the-scenes look at certain players, relationships, and industry feelings. The amount of people varies, and not all of the people in it are former NBA players. I would say the number of people averages to about two to four participants per episode. It seems the amount of people lengthens the episodes where they vary from one hour to one and a half hours. The narrative is definitely telling interesting stories about players that you would not be able to get from just watching a game or listening to reporters. The way the stories are told make you feel as if you are in the room which they are recording and being talked to directly. It makes me think of the part of the reading that stuck out the most. The text stated, "...podcasts thrive on a feeling of intimacy..." on page three. Getting that feeling is rare, kind of like finding a partner, but that is what makes you stick with them since they are like no others. The target audience is more limited because if you are not passionate about sports then you more than likely will not give it a listen. I would say people who are no sports fans might find enjoyment because it is more drama/ gossip based than analytically studying things. It reminds me of a reality TV-show plus more realism. Now, how accurate are the stories? I could not say, but as someone who does not like podcasts I was able to watch one full episode without skipping. Another topic of discussion in chapter one's text since hooking a viewer is necessary for gaining a loyal audience.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

