
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20172304/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Prepped Mama Podcast
Katherine Knelson posted Feb 2, 2025 5:36 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My motivation for creating the Prepped Mama podcast comes from my personal background and experiences growing up around homesteading. I spent summers in the Appalachian Mountains and on a 600-acre family farm, and I was always surrounded by women who were prepared for anything whether it is canning food, managing the farm, and passing down knowledge. I wanted to share that wisdom with other families, especially those looking to become more self-sufficient or start their own homesteading journeys. This podcast allows me to connect with listeners who are at different stages in their journey, whether they're beginners or experienced homesteaders, and provide them with practical, helpful tips.
One of the biggest challenges I’ve run into is trying to balance all the information I want to share while keeping the episodes short and engaging. There’s just so much I want to teach about preparedness and homesteading, but not every topic can fit into a single episode. Plus, some topics are so detailed that they need expert guests or a lot of extra research to make sure I’m giving out the right info. On top of all that, I’m juggling my homesteading work, taking care of my family, and running the podcast. And to add a bit more chaos, I’ve had my fair share of tech issues. I’ve had to go out and get an adapter and update cords just to keep everything running smoothly! It’s definitely been a bit of a balancing act, but I’m making it work.
There are several other podcasts that focus on homesteading and preparedness, like The Homesteading Family Podcast and The Survival Podcast. Both of these podcasts provide advice on sustainable living, growing your own food, and preparedness, but I think Prepped Mama sets itself apart by focusing specifically on families and moms who want to incorporate these practices into their day-to-day lives. I aim to make it feel warm, cozy, and conversational, rather than overly technical, to reflect the real-life challenges that come with managing a homesteading lifestyle and raising kids.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

