
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20034517/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
History Unplugged Podcast
Braylie Konrad posted Jan 18, 2025 9:30 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I decided to listen to the "History Unplugged" podcast hosted by Scott Rank, which my dad suggested I listen to. I found the podcast to be super interesting, the host discusses all sorts of historical events and explains the back stories behind them. Sometimes, he even interviews experts on specific historical events for episodes. So, in a typical episode only the host himself is present but, in others when he interviews someone there are two people present. Each episode is around 50 minutes to an hour long and the target audience for this type of podcast are people who are interested in history and want to learn more about specific historical events. The particular episode I listened to was titled "The 160-Minute Race to Save the Titanic" which discussed facts about the sinking many do not know and most importantly, the human error of the Titanic sinking. A significant book titled "A Night to Remember" was written in 1955 which depicted dozens of interviews with Titanic survivors and was a model for much of the works written later on. But, the expert interviewed in this episode argues that a lot of people hardly talk about the "human error" that was a part of the Titanic sinking. The expert discusses how there was another ship nearby the Titanic who saw the ship but, the Captain of it kept claiming it was not the Titanic whilst many of the crew claimed it was. Ultimately, the captain of this other ship nearby did not go toward the Titanic because he believed it was something else in the ocean even after the Titanic started to send off rockets of distress into the sky. This ship was very close to the Titanic and the captain actually decided to start steering away from it because he did not want to "risk" his ship. Eventually, a ship that was 50 miles away decided to start steering toward the Titanic but, at this point it was much too late and they could only save those who got in boats. Meaning, the Titanic could have had many more survivors if the ship that was close by at the time of the sinking had come to help. This is information I had no idea about prior to listening to this episode and it was very shocking to me. Overall, I would listen to this podcast again because it teaches people interesting facts about historical events that are likely unknown by the vast majority. The Titanic has always been interesting to me and as I was scrolling through all of their different episodes this one caught my eyes and as the text says, "We, the listeners, can select, download, stream, binge, delete, and skip through a universe of content that’s vying for our attention like a few million terriers on steroids"(Weldon 12). It is crazy how many different options we have for podcasts, there are tons of different subjects covered from super-niche things to general topics. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Julia Zielke
January 19 at 3:09 PM
Hey Braylie!
I have always been a history nerd and so this immediately caught my attention. Honestly, I love that they go into topics people don't fully know rather than sharing the same story that everyone hears. It's rare to see people talking about the human errors that led to the Titanic sinking or the survival of the people upon it. I will have to check this podcast out!
Reply
Luke Meadows
January 19 at 11:09 PM
This sounds really interesting, I've recently taken more of an interest in history-related podcasts with a retelling of events and a deeper dive into what happened. I might have to look it up for myself. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

