
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19985144/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Hot on the Case Podcast
Anaya Lyons posted Jan 14, 2025 6:58 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I found this podcast made by a creator from TikTok on Spotify called "Hot On The Case". This podcast is a true crime podcast talking about different cases. This episode is about the disappearance of Celina Mays. This podcast is 35 minutes and there is only one person present, Breanna. The podcast is in a narrative storytelling kind of style. This case talks about a "church" that Celina's family controlled. The "church" was widely known as a cult in the media because of the way Celina's aunt, Serrita, controlled the members. The members were isolated and all lived in a house together and forced to give up their life to the "church". Celina found out she was pregnant after joining at the age of 11, and was forced to give birth because of the strict beliefs of the "church" she was brought into. When people asked Celina who her babies father was she wouldn't tell anyone who it was, but gave information of a 16 year old boy not apart of the church.  People found this to be impossible becuase they have no contact with the outside world. Her father was going to get a test to see who the father of the baby was, but before they could find this information out Celina ends up vanishing. She is 9 months pregnant at the time of her disappearance. When her father actually reported her missing it was 24 hours later and in person at the police department, which was odd to the police. There were several different red flags that the police saw, including the father leaving out the fact that Celina was pregnant when she disappeared, which made them want to look into the family as prime suspects. This type of podcast is very interesting to me, and as states in the text " A cynic (hi!) might peruse the shows topping the Apple Podcasts chart and conclude that the most successful are about everything from true crime to nonfiction murder investigations,"( Weldon 5). It makes lots of sense why true crime podcasts are very popular and demanded because of how in depth they talk about certain cases. It really caters to what the audience wants to hear.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Makenzie Vliek
January 16 at 12:28 PM
Hey Anaya! This podcast sounds really interesting, I like when true crime podcasts aren't just about murders, but also include missing persons cases and cult relations like this. It's interesting to me how true crime podscasts have really dominated the industry for the past few years, as it is such a gruesome topic but people can't get enough of it. Part of me wonders if people like playing detective when listening to these types of shows, and it's almost like playing a game of Clue or something whilst you listen, and if you got all the clues together and solved the case by the end of the episode, there's some strange type of gratification you feel. Great job!
Reply
Maggie Butkovich
January 16 at 8:03 PM
I love this post Anaya. I also listen to a true crime podcast that is called, "Detective Perspective." This podcast focuses more on the person who is committing the crime. However, both of these podcasts have the common theme of curiosity. Listening in on the whole report, clues, and feelings of the different parties in the case make you feel like you can solve it as well. It is the perfect way to pull in the listeners and keep them coming back for more!
Reply
Molly Stevens
January 17 at 7:57 PM
Hi Anaya! That case and podcast seems very interesting! I often find myself getting sucked into true crime videos on YouTube. I go through phases where I will listen or watch nothing but true crime shows for a while. I hate the ones that are unsolved because it does make you wonder what happened or where the person that did it is at right now. I feel like the unsolved cases of true crime is more popular now because there are all these theories as to what could have happened which gets audiences talking. I think that is a good thing when you are making a true crime podcast!
Reply
Victoria Tucker
January 18 at 4:14 PM
I think the depth of the subjects definitely is the appeal of true crime. I like knowing all the nitty gritty details about the subjects of these podcasts. One I recently started listening to is Deep Dives with KallMeKris. I really like how she researched so much about each subject and even discusses theories. It's very immersive. Thanks for sharing!
Reply
Braylie Konrad
January 18 at 9:39 PM
Hi Anaya! I actually saw this podcast as I was scrolling through to find one and it looked very interesting. I listen to Crime Junkie and I will definitely have to check this one out. I think it is great how they include episodes about missing persons as well, it can help provide so much more awareness about those cases and get them closer to being solved.
Reply
Skye Grant
January 19 at 2:24 PM
Hey Anaya !
True crime podcasts like this are so engaging because they explore every detail, leaving you hooked. It makes sense why people love them they’re detailed, shocking, and give the audience exactly what they’re looking for. Definitely adding this podcast to my list! 
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
January 19 at 7:42 PM
Your analysis of Hot On The Case effectively highlights its appeal as a true crime podcast. The case of Celina Mays is both heartbreaking and compelling, and you’ve done a great job summarizing the episode’s key points. The narrative storytelling style combined with Breanna’s solo delivery seems to bring a sense of focus and intimacy to the case and which is likely a draw for true crime enthusiasts.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

