
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20051168/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 2
Reggie Walton posted Jan 20, 2025 9:13 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 For my chosen podcast, I picked one related to one I already listened to. The podcast I am referencing is Dungeons and Daddies and the podcast that I listened to for this week's discussion is a podcast called Story Break. The podcast consists of 3 of the same people that are featured in the formerly mentioned, Dungeons and Daddies which started after the end of this podcast series. The aforementioned people are Freddy Wong, Will Campos, and Matthew Arnold. All three of these people were experienced Hollywood writers who had worked on television and movies alike. This worked into their premise which was best described by their very title. Just as the phrase Story Break implied, the mission was to break a story with two catches, making a bare-bones feature film with two catches. The first was that it could be over anything with Freddy Wong deciding on subjects that ranged from video games like Legend of Zelda to preexisting movie franchises like The Fast and the Furious, to even the Kellogg cereal mascots. The second catch was that they needed to finish the story concept in one hour. Because of this time limitation, most episodes were around one hour. This was regardless of whether the story could be broken in time. For example, in the episode centered around Sonic the Hedgehog, they failed to complete the story Will Campos declared the "story broke them". Since the name of the game is to make a narrative, they have none throughout the podcast but instead take turns pitching each other ideas. As for the audience targeted, I would say it is anyone interested in the process of writing as the primary means that the three podcasters get topics is by inviting people to give them ideas sometimes. They have done everything from Monopoly to Wheres Waldo and I think the fact they try to make a movie out of anything is where the intrigue of this podcast comes from.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

