
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20168090/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Jmitch-Your Podcast
Josh Mitchell posted Feb 2, 2025 12:13 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 What was your motivation for pursuing this topic?
My motivation for pursuing NBA games as my topic for my podcast is my love for basketball. Although baseball was my first sport, I fell in love with basketball because it was how I bonded with my older brothers. When they transitioned to basketball as their primary sport, I followed in pursuit. Everybody in my family loves basketball, but I probably love it the most.
What do you see as major challenges to making this podcast?
One of the major challenges to making this podcast is the amount of info. There are at least 2 NBA games every day of the week so that is a lot of games to keep up with. My podcast revolves around me choosing my favorite game of the night out of the slate of games on a specific day. Due to that being my setup, I kind of have to wait until the end of the week so I can decide my favorite game of the week.
What other podcasts like yours are out there?
There are plenty of podcasts out there that are similar to mine. Multiple NBA athletes, current and former, have podcasts where they go over the main events that have taken place in the NBA that week. I will say most shows have random conversations about different things that are NBA-related. For instance, Jeff Teague has his Club 520 podcast where he and his two fellow co-hosts often speak on stories about what Teague experienced during his tenure in the league. Then there is Kevin Garnett and Paul Pierce's Certified podcast which is probably my favorite. KG and Paul Pierce is one of the ones that strictly talk about what they notice in the games throughout that previous week as far as the players and their organizations.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Luke Meadows
February 2 at 11:00 PM
You've definitely got a lot of info with the amount of games there are, but keeping the focus on the best game of the week for a decent portion of the podcast will help with that so you can focus on that game in particular and what you want to say about it. There's a lot of potential for an NBA podcast like this where you can just throw in things like the most dominant player performance of the week, biggest news to come out, or anything like that to help add some variety if you wanted.
Reply
Reggie Walton
February 3 at 5:56 AM
Hey Jmitch. I think that the information segment of your podcast in question is going to be a very unavoidable hurdle. If listening to the podcasts that my dad likes about sports has shown me anything is that there is a serious need to have a lot of information at your disposal. I do think you have a very fun sounding concept though. I would also repeat what my peer says about focusing on what it is you want to cover. I think being specific about what you wanna cover in your time will make your stuff feel more organized and natural 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

