
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20170045/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 4
Molly Stevens posted Feb 2, 2025 2:00 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast is about different lgbtq representation in media such as those in web series and tv shows. I want to talk about the different relationships in media and explore why they are good or bad and what they mean to fans. My first episode was about different lgbtq web series and examining the challenges and accomplishments of making one as well as why it is important to establish a fan base. My motivation for pursuing this topic is that I love watching media with lgbtq characters because I see myself in them. Growing up, my options were limited so it was hard to find any show that portrayed lgbtq characters and relationships in a positive light. Web series were one of the first pieces of media where they did that well. These series were created by other lgbtq people so the story was good but the quality was very low budget. I wanted to talk about the other tv shows out there that do a good job with queer characters and some that do not. I can see a major challenge for this podcast is going to be knowing exactly what to talk about. There are a bunch of podcasts out there that talk about different queer media in tv shows so I need to know how to make mine stand out. I also tend to talk about things longer than other subjects so it will be a challenge to break up the content equally. There are a bunch of podcasts out there that cover lgbtq shows and other media. There are also a lot that cover specific shows and do recaps. One that I have actually listened to a while ago is called Tales Of The Black Badge - A Wynonna Earp Fan Podcast. In this podcast, two hosts do a deep dive into different episodes and will interview the cast and creator from time to time. Another podcast where they talk about different lgbtq media is called Do Ladies Do That? where each episode the hosts talk about different queer films and tv shows.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Kiel Cole
February 2 at 6:34 PM
Hey Molly!
I love your podcast idea! LGBTQ+ representation in media is such an important topic, and I think it’s great that you’re focusing on both the good and the bad portrayals. When you mentioned the low-budget web series made by other LGBTQ+ creators, I felt like you unlocked a hidden memory in my brain. Things have progressed quite a lot that I forgot what it was like when I was younger. I remember how much those series meant to people, even if the production quality wasn’t high. I think it’s great that you are addressing the good and the bad when it comes to LGBTQ+ representation, because someone has to say it! Great work!
Reply
Skye Grant
February 2 at 9:22 PM
Hey Molly ! 

This sounds like a great idea for your podcast the LGBTQ+ community deserve so much more representation. I understand how hard it can be to find representation in your own community. So I believe that your highlighting them in your podcast would beneficial to so many people. One idea that comes to mind that could potentially be one of your episodes in your podcast is comparing older LGBTQ+ representation to newer portrayals to show how things have evolved, or how it hasn’t evolved. But I think it would get viewers to take a step back to really think about how much representation they have actually even got to see in general.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

