
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20208193/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 5 - Keanu Garrett
Keanu Garrett posted Feb 6, 2025 10:11 AM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 https://youtu.be/SEq6sGkzRQo?si=7cZY-VvDaIsmJdKR 
 When I thought of a really good podcast interview, this podcast came right to my mind. This is a podcast interview by Sadie Robertson Huff called “Whoa That’s Good,” and she interviews Lisa Bevere. This episode is not too long or short in my opinion, its forty-five minutes long. What makes this podcast interview so compelling is the fact that this interview was not only for the viewers but for Sadie, the interviewer. Sadie was casually interviewing Lisa and then a shift occurred when Lisa said something Sadie needed to hear. If I remember right, Sadie started to just ask questions from her heart after that moment. I think that Sadie incorporated both a formal and informal interview style. She plans ahead and makes a list of questions that sit on the desk in front of her. However, it does not feel like a formal interview, she naturally segways into her prepared questions. The most important part of the interview is when Lisa brings Sadie to tears with the words she speaks. This is the most important part of the interview because it shifts the interview into a real conversation. It starts to feel like you are listening in on a mentorship relationship. Also, again, it is just cool to see how this interview not only helps the viewers but the interviewer herself. It is like her trade is pouring back into her.   
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Molly Stevens
February 6 at 11:46 AM
Hi Keanu! I think some of the best interviews can be when they have spontaneous moments. It is nice to have questions and be prepared but sometimes it is interesting to go off topic and see where you end up. I feel like you can learn more about a person that way than just sticking with your list of questions already typed out. Sometimes those conversations do end up being exactly what you wanted to hear. Great job!
Reply
Maggie Butkovich
February 6 at 1:05 PM
I LOVE SADIE ROBERTSON HUFF! I did one of her podcasts for this assignment, too; she is such a natural and talented interviewer. I agree that she plans well and has questions prepared, but ultimately lets her interviews flow which is what makes them so enjoyable to listen to. I love that she learned something and was stunned by Lisa Bevere because it shows Sadie's humility to be honest in her content and not pretend like she has everything all together and knows everything just because she is the one doing the interview. I hope that I can be like her!
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
February 6 at 4:26 PM
That sounds like such a powerful interview! I love how the dynamic between Sadie and Lisa shifts from a structured conversation to a more genuine heartfelt exchange. It's so impactful when an interviewer can connect deeply with their guest especially when it leads to moments that feel personal and raw like Sadie's reaction to Lisa's words. I think what makes it even more compelling is the blend of preparation and spontaneity in Sadie’s style and she has a plan, but is also open to where the conversation naturally goes.
Reply
Makenzie Vliek
February 8 at 10:17 PM
Hey Keanu! I think that this sounds like a great interview, especially since there is a shift in the interview that turns into something with a deeper meaning. I tend to like when podcasts go into deeper subject matter, and people are able to learn more about themselves (be that audience or interviewees). Podcasts like this where people are able to be seen as real humans with real emotions rather than just a public figure are some of my favorite because it puts a new perspective and outlook on the person. Overall this sounds really interesting, great job!
Reply
Victoria Tucker
February 8 at 11:08 PM
Learning how to ask follow-up questions is a really big skill. Sometimes an interview goes in another direction and it takes a person who can think on their feet to be able to come up with questions that lead the interview into an often better direction than originally planned. That's how it seems like this interview went and to the benefit of the episode. Spontaneity can often create the best content be the most beneficial for the interviewer and the interviewee. It shows how it's good to have prepared questions, but also going off the cuff is beneficial as well. Best wishes with your interview! 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

