
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19909546/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 1
Victoria Tucker posted Jan 8, 2025 3:37 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 The Matt Walsh Show: https://www.youtube.com/@MattWalsh (Note: The sarcasm is strong with this dude.)

Podcast Format: One of the main reasons I like podcasts is for personalities and opinions. I may not agree with everything Matt Walsh says, but he's funny and he has a lot of good insights on issues that I care about. I also like how the show is organized. In his intro, he lays out all the topics he's going to talk about in the show. After the intro music, he goes into the opening monologue where he discusses the main topic for the day. Following that, he has five headlines he discusses and he ends the show with the "Daily Cancellation" where he talks about one issue he doesn't like an "cancels" it. I'm a big fan of structure so I want to do a similar structure for my podcast where I divide my show into sections, even though I'm not doing a political podcast.
Goals for the Class: I guess better production skills. I took Digital Media Production, so I've already done one class before that involved audio recording, editing, and such. I'm not sure what else this class has to teach, but I need a class of this type to graduate and this one sounded the most interesting. I listen to podcasts daily and some people have suggested I start a podcast, so in a way, I guess this class is helping me decide if I'd like to do that or not. But I'm very open to learning new tips and tricks of the trade.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Maggie Butkovich
January 8 at 5:02 PM
I love this! I have not thought much about structure of podcasting so its cool that you noticed that! I will keep that in mind for this class. I am going to listen to that one, I love people that can talk about serious things but also sometimes be lighthearted about it.
Reply
Julia Zielke
January 12 at 2:31 PM
Hey Victoria!
I love the Matt Walsh show just because of the humor that he has when going through things. I do enjoy the structure that the podcast employs and especially the intro music. Hopefully you are able to learn some better production skills or at least gain some more experience working on the audio production side.
Reply
Perry Holliday
January 12 at 7:54 PM
Hey! I have not listened to Matt Walsh, but I've heard good reviews about his podcasts. You gave some really convincing reasons to listen, and I may give it a try. I hope you find out if you have a passion for podcast making. I think this class will be a great way for you to test out some ideas.
Reply
Carter Cleary
January 12 at 10:23 PM
I think that would be a super cool idea for your podcast, breaking it up into sections and having little segments and bits. I feel like that helps keep viewers more entertained especially because these days everyone's attention span is so little. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

