
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19910642/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Podcast I Like
Maggie Butkovich posted Jan 8, 2025 5:00 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Sadie Robertson- WHOA That's Good Podcast - https://open.spotify.com/show/4n8I02c8M5QlgKSNR9IUbJ
This podcast is one of my favorite Christian "influencers". She is a 27-year-old pastor/author. She was originally famous for being on the show Duck Dynasty in the 2010s. Her podcast is a series of interviews and conversations with other pastors, influencers, and celebrities. Sometimes they talk about a recent book the guest has written or movie they have been in, or just random things about their lives. I love this podcast because Sadie is such a good interviewer and does an incredible job of asking questions and making it about them but also creating conversation and adding her own opinions and dialogue. It is always engaging and she has great guests on her podcast!
I am hoping to learn about the editing and production of a podcast because I have genuinely been interested in starting one for a couple years now. I feel like I have the conversational skills to host a good podcast with some practice and feedback. I am excited to learn about the production and editing side of it. This class will not only help me in my other classes but it will help me in my future work endeavors or personal life depending on what I end up doing as my career!
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Keanu Garrett
January 10 at 12:43 PM
Hi Maggie!! I also linked Sadie Robertson's Podcast! I would agree with you that Sadie does an incredible job with making each episode about her guest while still adding in her own nuggets of wisdom. I love how she lifts up the ministry of her guests and provides her audience with incredible people to learn from in the faith! Also, I feel the same way as you do when it comes to wanting to learn about the editing and production end of things. I hope this class will help us both in the behind the scenes of podcasting so that one day we can pursue this passion of podcasting! Great post!!!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

