
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20012829/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
New Heights Podcast
Maggie Butkovich posted Jan 16, 2025 4:37 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I listened to the New Heights Podcast with Jason and Travis Kelce for this discussion. This podcast is an interview style or sports themed show. Some episodes they discuss recent sports news or football updates, as both Jason and Travis have played or currently play in the NFL. Some episodes they bring on celebrity guests whether they are athletes or just famous people. The episode that I watched had Caitlin Clarke, a professional women's basketball player on for an interview. They talked about Caitlin's life growing up in the Midwest, her recruiting process, why she chose Iowa and how NIL affected her, and then being drafted and playing professional basketball in the WNBA for the Indiana Fever. 
When I was reading the text I was thinking a lot about who their target audience could be. Luckily the Kelce's already had an audience or fan club before they started the show because of their college and professional football careers. They are a dynamic duo because their audience comes from many different geographical areas and social groups. They have audiences in Cleveland where they grew up which they pay homage to in the title of their podcast. They also have an audience where they played college football at the University of Cincinnati. This is where I heard about them because I grew up in Cincinnati. They also have huge audiences in the fanbases of the professional teams they play for: The Philadelphia Eagles and the Kansas City Chiefs fanbases. Finally as of recent, an audience of the New Heights podcast is the Taylor Swift fanbase because of the relationship between Taylor and Travis Kelce. I think New Heights is so successful because they understand and speak to their audience. The text says "See, podcasts thrive on a feeling of intimacy. Intellectually, listeners know that hundreds, thousands, even millions of others might be listening to the same episode they are. But if you’re doing your job, they don’t feel it" (Weldon 5). Even though they are famous athletes that I will most likely never interact with, they make me as a listener feel apart of the conversation.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Tracy Winckler
January 16 at 9:20 PM
What's up Maggie!
I've heard a lot about this podcast but have never taken a listen. My post was about another sports related podcast called "The Bill Simmons Podcast" and I thought that podcast also did a very good job at having an intimate feel, making it seem like you are in conversation with them. I feel like sports podcasts do a great job at that a lot of the time. Great post!
Reply
Molly Stevens
January 17 at 7:48 PM
Hi Maggie! I have not watched the New Heights podcast in its entirety before, but I have seen clips on TikTok. The clips that I have seen have been funny and seems like a really fun podcast. I agree with how this podcast has reached the Taylor Swift fanbase. I am a huge Taylor Swift fan and I did not even know about the podcast until they had gotten together. Overall, I think both Jason and Travis do a great job at connecting with their audience and making them want to come back and tune in each week.
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
January 18 at 1:41 PM
It sounds like New Heights is a great mix of sports, personality, and engaging interviews! The Kelce brothers clearly have a strong connection with their audience, and it’s impressive how they’ve leveraged their pre existing fanbase to create such a successful podcast. I love how you mentioned their ability to make listeners feel like part of the conversation, even though they’re public figures. It ties perfectly to Weldon’s point about podcasts creating intimacy.
Reply
Braylie Konrad
January 18 at 9:45 PM
Hi Maggie! I always see clips of their podcast on Instagram and TikTok, it seems like such a good vibe. I like how they do not just talk about sports but, also include normal conversations too. It makes the podcast feel more interesting and fun. I learned about the podcast because of Taylor Swift and have been meaning to listen to a full episode so you are spot on with Swifties beginning to be apart of their audience as well.
Reply
Josh Mitchell
January 19 at 9:41 PM
I'm not sure how I did not know that the Kelce brothers have their own podcast. I do agree that they already have a big following, but with Travis dating Taylor Swift, that definitely adds a dynamic. You have the brotherhood of Philly fans who love Jason and the Kansas City maniacs fanbase listening to this podcast.
Reply
Carter Cleary
January 19 at 10:44 PM
I've listened to some clips of this podcast, I am not a big fan of either of the Kelce brothers but I really enjoy seeing the guests that they have on from the sports world. I think it was super smart for them to start a podcast because they knew that they would get the whole new Taylor fanbase into the sports world. 
Reply
Luke Meadows
January 19 at 11:05 PM
I used to listen to New Heights a couple of years ago when I first learned about it, I think from social media. They do a great job of making the show feel conversational like you said, and keep it entertaining through their own experience playing football among other experiences. It's crazy to see how much it has blown up and how both brothers have kind of transcended football fame and almost become just regular celebrities.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

