
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20172913/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Your Podcast
Kiel Cole posted Feb 2, 2025 6:23 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I decided to title my podcast From Seo Taiji to Stadiums: The Rise of K-Pop. The purpose of this podcast explores the history and evolution of K-pop, tracing how it transformed from a niche genre in South Korea to a global phenomenon. As someone who has been a K-pop fan since 2017 and have a strong interest in media and marketing, I’ve always been fascinated by how K-pop is structured as both an entertainment industry and a cultural movement. I wanted to dive into the history of it and inform primarily newer fans about how it even got to where it is today.
One challenge I face is making sure my episodes are well-researched and historically accurate. Since K-pop is a constantly evolving industry, I need to fact-check a lot and ensure I’m presenting information correctly and addressing societal views in regards to it. Another challenge is balancing a conversational tone with informative content. When I did my first recording draft for the podcast, I realized it sounded more like a lecture rather than a conversation. I figured presenting the information in this way would heighten the chances of people getting bored and tuning out, so I had to re-record and talk as if I was explaining the information to a friend.
While I am unaware of any other podcasts that are like mine, there is a podcast that I used to listen to often that is hosted by Idols called Get Real. In this podcast they often talked about the industry and what that is like as Korean idols who were born in America as well as regular life conversations, which I enjoy the most. There is also another podcast called Daebak Show, hosted by Eric Nam (an Idol from Norcross, Georgia) where he interviews various idols and talks about a variety of topics. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

