
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20193810/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Julia McLaughlin
Julia McLaughlin posted Feb 4, 2025 2:47 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I think a great example of a compelling podcast interview is Marc Maron's conversation with Anthony Bourdain on WTF with Marc Maron. Here is the link for you to check it out https://www.wtfpod.com/podcast/repost-anthony-bourdain-from-2011?utm_
What about the interview provides for compelling content?
The conversation throughout the episode feels very raw and real. In the episode Anthony Bourdain opens up about his struggles with addiction along with his rise to fame and his unique perspective on life and culture. Marc Maron definitely has a way of making all of his guests feel very comfortable which then leads to honest and deep discussions he tends to have like this one. You can tell that Anthony Bourdain isn't just giving answers that were already rehearsed but he is really having a meaningful reflection which makes it super engaging.
How long is it? Is it too long, or too short?
The episode is about 90 minutes long. Although that might sound long, it certainly works because the conversation is interesting throughout its full 90 minutes. There’s enough time to dive into big topics without feeling rushed but at the same time it doesn’t drag. If you’re a fan of Bourdain or deep interviews or conversation in general, it’s the perfect length.
What kind of interview style does the interviewer have? Formal with a list of questions, informal? What difference does it make?
Maron takes a very casual conversational approach through the podcast. He doesn’t stick to a strict list of questions which makes the whole thing feel more like two people just talking rather than a formal Q&A. That approach works well here because it allows the conversation to go in unexpected and meaningful directions.
What is the most important moment during this interview? Why?
One of the most powerful moments is when Bourdain talks about his past heroin addiction and how it shaped him in many different ways in his life. It’s raw and emotional. You can hear the weight of his words. It’s moments like these that make the interview feel real and impactful and it’s not just about his career but about who he really is as a human being.
Overall this interview is a great example of how letting a conversation flow naturally can lead to something truly compelling.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Keanu Garrett
February 6 at 10:19 AM
Hi Julia! This sounds like a really cool podcast interview. I love how you said the person being interviewed was truly reflecting and didn't give these rehearsed answers. I think that is a very important part of a good interview and making things a natural as possible. Especially when it comes to topics as sensitive/ heavy as addiction that it is talked about in a real and raw way. Realness is going to resonate with people and ultimately help them if they are struggling with the same things. Overall, great post!
Reply
Victoria Tucker
February 8 at 11:05 PM
I think the best interviews are the most in-depth ones where you can really go into someone's experiences. As a journalism major, I've noticed that it takes time for the interviewee to warm up to you and start being comfortable giving you long-form answers. Sometimes this isn't the case and the interviewee just jumps right in, but often the best parts of an interview is a good 20 minutes or so into the interview. It's also just letting the interviewee talk and not getting in the way of them answering their questions I've found, which often comes with a casual interview style.
Thank you for sharing!
Reply
Anaya Lyons
February 9 at 1:12 PM
Hello! I am very interested in this type of podcast interview because it differs from most. It is very brave for someone to talk about their past as an addict, so I found that noble of Anthony. I feel like this type of interview could relate to those have dealt with an addiction in the past ,or invokes an emotion from the audience members who can't relate.
Reply
Skye Grant
February 9 at 2:52 PM
Hey Julia ! 
This sounds like a really cool podcast I ma gonna have to check it out. I also love raw and unfiltered podcast. And I think while the number can make it seem like a long podcast but once you really get into it and start listening the time goes by so fast !
Reply
Luke Meadows
February 9 at 11:49 PM
I think the most engaging podcast interviews are casual and conversational ones like this. You can tell when people are being authentic or not, so the more stiff, formal ones a lot of the time can seem off-putting. There's definitely a balance though, since being too casual in conversation can cause a podcast to "lose the plot" and get off-topic. This episode you described definitely sounds like a sincere conversation that seems really compelling.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

