
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20225109/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 5 Discussion
Victoria Tucker posted Feb 8, 2025 9:48 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Podcast (It’s also on Spotify but this is the YouTube version): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EuX47BlKpdE&t
1.) What about the interview provides for compelling content? – Kris Collins does deep dives on crimes, conspiracies, and cults. She managed to get an interview with Kara Robinson Chamberlain who was kidnapped and managed to escape when she was 15. Chamberlain’s experience is what makes her a fascinating interviewee. 
2.) How long is it? Is it too long, or too short? – The interview is about an hour long. I was personally enthralled from start to finish. When someone has this kind of story, you want to give them plenty of time to tell it.
3.) What kind of interview style does the interviewer have? Formal with a list of questions, informal? What difference does it make? – For this interview, it’s more informal, which works since what the audience ultimately wants is to hear what happened to Kara and how she managed to survive and also heal from this ordeal. Kris asks her maybe a total of three questions just to keep the ball rolling, especially toward the end to wrap up.
4.) What is the most important moment during this interview? Why? – The most important is when Kara tells how she escaped (18:46). That took so much courage for her to do that. It’s the big climax of her story.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Josh Mitchell
February 9 at 12:00 PM
Good morning Victoria.
This interview does sound pretty compelling. I'm lowkey fascinated with crime stories that have a happy ending instead of gruesome stuff. I do agree that an hour is long, but for what it is worth, I also feel like it is short. Only because realistically, someone could make a 2-hour movie with this kind of information. How Kara escaped is definitely the most important moment of the interview and I'm glad she survived and is still alive.
Reply
Skye Grant
February 9 at 2:55 PM
Hey Victoria !
This podcast sounds really interesting I have never really been someone that is super into true crime. But I did have to listen to an episode for a class once, and it was pretty interesting. I also like more informal interview podcast it just makes it feel for authentic and doesn't feel so scripted. 
Reply
Perry Holliday
February 9 at 9:20 PM
Hey. This is a really great podcast episode that you found. I really like true crime documentaries, but I've never given true crime podcasts a chance. The one you chose is special because there is an interview with the woman who was kidnapped. It's not often a true crime podcast will have these kind of interview. I'm definitely going to listen to the rest. Thanks for the time stamps too.  Nice post!
Reply
Carter Cleary
February 9 at 10:53 PM
I feel like most podcasts that I enjoy are the more informal podcasts as well. The list of questions males it seem less personal and kind of takes away from the flow of the podcast. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

