
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20225252/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Makenzie Vliek Discussion 5
Makenzie Vliek posted Feb 8, 2025 10:08 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 podcast: So True with Caleb Hearon: Trixie Mattel is Lazy Barbie 
What about the interview provides for compelling content?
As a regular watcher of this podcast, I think that this (and the next episode Trixie comes back for) are some of the funniest pieces of content to watch. Caleb is not only a podcast host, but also a stand up comedian, so he knows how to keep conversation moving and entertaining for both his guest and viewers. Trixie Mattel is one of the most famous drag queens right now and she is known for being blunt and hilarious, so the duo together works well together but them being friends in real life also helps.  
How long is it? Is it too long, or too short?
The episode is around an hour and ten minutes, which to some people might be long but I love longer podcasts because I'm able to have it on in the background while i do laundry, drive, cook, etc. Around an hour seems like the sweet spot for many podcasts as they are able to keep their audiences intrigued for that long without worrying about people clicking off. 
What kind of interview style does the interviewer have? Formal with a list of questions, informal? What difference does it make?
Caleb's style of interviewing is very informal and treats guests like he's just having a conversation with them. When I listen to this podcast I enjoy that it feels like I'm listening to two of my friends talk in the background or at dinner. This style of podcast is great for me because I'm able to interject my opinion into the podcast on whatever topics they're discussing, instead of a more formal podcast interview setting where I feel like I need to be quiet and only listen to educate myself on the topic or guest. 
What is the most important moment during this interview? Why?
I think the most important part of this interview is when Caleb and Trixie are talking about what tv shows imprinted on them the most growing up in the Midwest (Wisconsin specifically for Trixie). They share their love of the original Roseanne and how they were able to see themselves and their families, with a realistic mom and dad and a poor family, be represented on television. Trixie then goes on to say how great it was that there were queer characters in the show who were accepted for who they were and made fun of in the same exact way that the heterosexual people were being made fun of, or how Roseanne was joked with about being fat. I think this is the most important part of the episode because it creates a great bonding moment between interviewer and interviewee, as well as telling an important and impactful part of both of their childhoods that shaped them into the people and entertainers they are today. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Tracy Winckler
February 8 at 11:01 PM
What's up Makenzie,
I really enjoyed what you had to say about the podcast you chose. I think podcasts where the host kind of acts as a comedian but still asks questions always make for great entertainment. I also agree with what you said about liking longer podcasts. I think its great to be able to turn on longer podcasts to listen to in long drives because as long as you are interested in the topic, you get very invested in it.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

