
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20178411/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 4
Luke Meadows posted Feb 2, 2025 10:39 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast is about the New Orleans Saints football franchise, particularly major events that have happened to the franchise throughout its history. My motivation was primarily the fact that I'm a big fan, and I just thought it would be interesting to learn some more about the team's history and major figures. The Saints have had a long journey from their start where they were a losing team year after year to eventually winning the Super Bowl. By digging into all the details of how they got there I can connect with other fans and maybe provide newer fans with some background information for their team.
The biggest challenge for me is making sure that each episode is about something engaging and unique. There's a lot of sports shows out there and ones that relate to the Saints, so mine needs to stand out in some way. Another challenge is doing the actual research to be able to tell the story I want to tell. More recent events are easy enough to find out about and explain to a listener, but older ones are difficult to find reliable sources of information about.
There's plenty of other podcasts that cover the Saints, like "Locked On Saints" which covers daily news about the team and offers analysis, or "Saints Block Party" which is a couple of fans talking about the team and offering their perspective on it. That being said, most podcasts about the Saints are news and analysis primarily rather than a historical look at the team, so I think I do offer a unique look at the team.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

