
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20144903/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Garrett Bliek Podcast 1
Garrett Bliek posted Jan 29, 2025 8:37 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I chose to talk about college basketball contenders and pretenders for winning the national championship. The motivation behind choosing this topic stems from my passion and knowledge for the sport. I have watched and basketball since at least 2012, so i felt as if i could provide great insight and content to fill the episode. Overall, I think my podcast did well at showcasing my knowledge. This was truly my first podcast that I have created because of the length and requirements. Other classes that wanted podcasts required such little. I believe that is producing a bump in the road of quality until I learn and practice more. I want to break my challenges up into technical and content sections. As for technical, I am still working on my microphone's loudness. I am still working on edit precision and flow. Content wise I felt sounding redundant could be an issue or running out of things to mention. Sometimes my mind goes fast and I jump over a portion of something I want to discuss. Once I get the technical aspects down I think I am golden. Any insight towards how to progress content or an outline of requirements for each section like the intro, breaks, or topic change would benefit me as well. I tried to take inspiration from the only podcast I watch which is Josh Pate's College Football show. I recently have began watching a YouTuber whose videos are set up like podcasts named Dannyology because he discusses college basketball on his channel. Many of the sports podcasts dedicated to discussing the sports themselves would be like mine; however, ones that focus on sports stories are different, but I could include that as a future topic of choice because I can implement things like conspiracies, historical feats, etc. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Anaya Lyons
January 30 at 7:27 PM
Hello! I loved your topic genre, I used to play Basketball though I wouldn't have nearly enough to say over several episodes. Hats off to you for having that much knowledge about the sport! I'm pretty sure you did great as well with the first podcast to! This is my first time making a podcast to, so be proud! We made it through the first episode! I did have trouble with the understanding of breaks as well, I did not know they had to be a bit longer. That's just something we know now as trial and error from the first episode.
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
February 1 at 11:17 AM
It sounds like you’ve put a lot of thought into your podcast, and you’re really diving deep into improving both the content and technical aspects, which is great! For someone with your passion for college basketball, I can tell you’re on the right track.
Reply
Tracy Winckler
February 1 at 1:49 PM
What's up Garrett,
I think a basketball podcast would be super entertaining and fun to listen to. When it comes to the world of sports, there are so many topics to talk about regardless of the sport. I'm doing my podcast on a sport as well. I had the same kind of worry at first when it came to possibly being redundant, but then I realized that I don't even have to talk about the current state of that sport. I could go into a ton of different things about the sport like history and comparing that to today's version of the sport. Great post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

