
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20048616/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 2
Luke Meadows posted Jan 19, 2025 11:00 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I decided to listen to a podcast titled "Podcast But Outside" hosted by two guys named Andrew and Cole. It's one I've seen clips floating around on the internet from but have never actually listened to an entire episode before. The entire concept is that they set up a folding table in random places like music festivals, on a street somewhere, in a park, etc. with a sign that reads: "Hi! Be a guest on our podcast. We will pay you $1 :)" and the show makes itself from there.
The episodes hover around an hour long each, with at least the two hosts present plus one or two guests, sometimes more if a group of people come across them. There's no real narrative, the direction of the show seems to be determined by the guests and what they have to talk about and say. The target audience is mainly fans of comedy, because the show is really funny. Both hosts are very naturally funny guys and are great at keeping interesting conversations going with the strangers that become a part of the show.
I would say a relevant part of this week's text would be the parts about an interview-type podcast from pages 27 and 28. The podcast definitely breaks away from the "must-haves" section on interview podcasts though, because the hosts have no way of preparing and researching their guests, they just have to be able to come up with interesting questions and discussions on the fly.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reggie Walton
January 20 at 9:59 AM
Hey Luke nice post. I have to say I say that this sounded like a very interesting podcast concept. Maybe not my cup of tea but I would give this podcast at least one listen given how out there the formula sounds. I also like how you brought it back to the reading of this week's text. I think that was a nice touch.
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

