
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19927226/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Keanu Garrett posted Jan 10, 2025 12:38 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Sadie Robertson Huff – Whoa That’s Good Podcast:   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1mjOiVr6iU8
This is a podcast episode is hosted by Sadie Robertson Huff and her husband, Christian Huff, and they have Preston Perry as their special guest. I really like the interview style of this podcast. Every episode Sadie invites guests on the podcast, and she asks them questions and she has back and forth discussions that are full of so much wisdom. I love the way that Sadie organizes each of her episodes. First, she starts it off by asking each guest what the best piece of advice they have ever been given is. Then, she asks them to give a background of who they are and where they come from. Finally, we get into the interview questions. For example, in this episode Sadie interviews Preston about his book because he recently released a book. Also, to prepare for each podcast episode Sadie does research on the guest, she will watch/ read their content and really become a student of the person she is interviewing.  
What I am hoping to get out of this class is both skill in podcasting and passion. Podcasting is something that has interested me for a while now, but I have never really had the time to figure out how to start one. I am excited to learn how to create one in terms of editing and audio. However, I am also hoping this class ignites more of a passion in me to start one on my own time. I hope that this class will help me to fall in love with the podcasting world more and the process of creating a successful one. I just want this class to give me wisdom and pointers that will help me to pursue this passion I have had. 
  
 
 Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Tracy Winckler
January 12 at 6:34 PM
What's up Keanu,
I agree with you. Although I've never listened to this podcast, I love when podcasts have an interview style format, or just more than one person hosting the podcast. I feel like this makes the listener think more and get more involved. Listening to one person can get very monotonous and make you zone out of what you are listening to. Great post and good luck this semester!
Reply
Makenzie Vliek
January 12 at 6:40 PM
Hey Keanu! This podcast seems really neat, I love interview style podcasts because it provides a new experience for listeners at each episode. Podcasts with guests are usually my go to, so I'll have to check this one out this week! Like you, I also want to get into podcasting, I think the industry is so interesting and as someone who loves to talk I think this form of content would be a great career field. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

