
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20016620/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Tracy Winckler - Discussion 2
Tracy Winckler posted Jan 16, 2025 9:16 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 For this discussion, I came across the podcast "The Bill Simmons Podcast", which talks about all things sports. The episode I listened to mostly talked about topics in the NFL, with an emphasis on upcoming playoff games. Typically with this podcast, there is one host (Bill Simmons), and two guests that are high up in the world of sports. These people combined create a podcast full of valuable sports information. Another thing I'll add about this podcast is that the way in which it is communicated feels like you are on the phone with Bill Simmons and the guests. It is super personable. This brings me to a topic discussed in this weeks reading on how podcasts need a feeling of "intimacy" and that even though the audience knows they aren't the only ones listening, if the podcaster is doing their job, "they [the audience] don't feel it" (Weldon, 5). Bill Simmons and the guests he brings on the podcast do a great job of offering up that intimacy, making it feel like you are in a friendly conversation with them. The narrative this podcast brings is Simmons essentially acting as the narrator who sparks conversation among the guests. With it being a sports podcast, I feel like there is a pretty straight-forward mix of information that the podcast needs to hit on an episode basis, so the narrative tends to stick to the same pattern from episode to episode. Lastly, the target audience of this podcast is going to be people who love all things sports. It also seems as though they base the sports they talk about on the seasons that the sports are in. With it being winter, the two biggest American sports currently for them to talk about are basketball and football. Therefore, at this time of year, I would say the main target audience would be NBA and NFL fans. Overall, the podcast was a great listen.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Anaya Lyons
January 17 at 11:20 AM
Hey! Enjoyed reading, and I don't usually listen to sports but it sounded like a very likeable podcast. I do agree that intimacy, like stated in the reading, is valuable to podcasts. I think one big reason is because most podcasts are just listened to and can't be watched. You have to be a little intimate to bring the listeners in and keep them engaged.
Reply
Keanu Garrett
January 19 at 7:47 PM
Hi Tracy! I am not a big sports person so I think that this podcast could be really helpful to me! I like how you said it included a lot of sport information as well as an intimate/ friendly environment. Overall, great post! 
Reply
Garrett Bliek
January 19 at 10:39 PM
Hey Tracy,
I also chose to focus on a sports podcast. Specifically Jeff Teague's podcast because of the stories he told that got me hooked. I usually skip podcasts because I prefer movies or TV-shows but if you are a podcast fan I would check it out. As for the text, do you feel that it related to how you view podcasts like the intimacy of connecting viewer to creator?
Reply
Carter Cleary
January 19 at 10:48 PM
I also think this podcast is pretty great. I like hearing the different takes from all the different athletes especially when its athletes talking about sports they arent in, like when tom brady talks about the world of golf. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

