
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20026668/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 2
Molly Stevens posted Jan 17, 2025 7:39 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I found a podcast for this week that is called "Drama Queens" hosted by Bethany Joy Lenz, Sophia Bush, and Hilarie Burton. New episodes are released weekly with episodes being around an hour long. Some interview style episodes are shorter being around 30-50 minutes. The hosts were actors in the popular show One Tree Hill so the podcast follows them going back and rewatching the show while giving audiences insight into behind the scenes stories, their opinions, and fun facts about that scene or episode. The podcast mainly features the three of them but will sometimes invite other actors from the show to give their insights about it as well as their thoughts on things. In the episode I watched, the hosts talked about the things that went on in season 5 episode 8 of the tv show. It was interesting to hear their interpretations of things as well as their insights to why the characters did what they did in the episode. It was interesting to also hear that one of the actors on the show got married to the guy who wrote this episode which I had no idea about. I could see that the main target audience for this podcast are for people who are fans of the show or who have watched the show a long time ago. It is also fun because if you have not seen One Tree Hill, you can go back and watch an episode and then hear Bethany, Sophia, and Hilarie talk about what just went on and what they think. "Podcasts started as a way anyone with an idea could put it out there in search of connection and community." (Weldon, 9). I think this is so true and it is the reason why so many fans go back and tune in each week. People who are fans of the show that they watched when they were a teen or young adult feel connected to the characters and story arcs. It made them feel something when they watched it. So being able to go back and go through that again with the actors and other fans leaves them feeling connected and a sense of belonging which is what a podcast is supposed to do.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Keanu Garrett
January 19 at 7:45 PM
Hi Molly! I'm a big fan of One Tree Hill myself so I think its so cool that you watched "Drama Queens." I have never seen a full podcast episodes but I have seen some clips from their podcasts. From what I have seen, its cool as a fan whose watched it all to hear more insight about the show and the characters. One Tree Hill is such a complex show so I think that this podcast is beneficial in helping us better understand its complexities, especially regarding the character's. Great post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

