
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/19886675/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion
Anaya Lyons posted Jan 6, 2025 5:26 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 Shane Dawson Podcast- https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWLKXjtuywQ
One of my favorite podcast to listen to and watch is the Conspiracy Theory Podcast by Shane Dawson and his crew. I feel like the reason I like it the most is because its one of those podcasts that you can watch, and listen to if you cant watch. I love how they talk about different trending conspiracies with evidence and more on the topics. Sometimes they play games on the podcasts, and they always make me laugh because of the comedic aspect of the videos. I like how there are several reaccuring hosts, and sometimes guests that appear on the podcast.
   I'm hoping to accumulate lots of different skills from this class. One mostly being editing because of my future career in videography and photography. I wanted to also start a YouTube channel on the side, and felt like podcasting could give me a jump start and tips on how to format those videos. I would like to create a podcast video similar to Shane Dawson's that I could post on my YouTube channel. I also don't know much about the planning aspect of a podcast, so I'd like a better understanding of that as well.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Victoria Tucker
January 8 at 3:39 PM
The podcast sounds fun! I listen to the Mr. Ballen Podcast, which I really enjoy because it talks about conspiracies and mysterious things. Best wishes on your future endeavors!
Reply
Garrett Bliek
January 8 at 8:16 PM
Hey Anaya! Podcast sounds like such an interesting trip! I feel you on wanting to create podcasts, and now I understand why a lot of content creators end up creating their own since they are just conversations at their core or expressions of interests.
Reply
Molly Stevens
January 9 at 1:53 PM
Hi Anaya! That podcast sound really interesting! I love true crime and conspiracy theories so I'll have to check out the podcast! I do sometimes get sucked into the true crime stories on TikTok for hours on end. I hope you have a good semester!
Reply
Braylie Konrad
January 10 at 4:28 PM
I used to love watching Shane Dawson's conspiracy theory Youtube videos! He always made them to where I was totally engaged and intrigued the entire time which I enjoyed. I will definitely have to check out his podcast, it seems so interesting and fun! 
Reply
Skye Grant
January 12 at 1:31 AM
Hey Shane ! I have a youtube channel, you most definitely should start one I believe it will help you along the way. And incorporating these skills we will learn in this class will also improve your content. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

