
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20170695/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 4 - Braylie Konrad
Braylie Konrad posted Feb 2, 2025 3:12 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast is titled "B's Movie Reviews". In my podcast, I give in-depth movie reviews on movies that have recently come out. My motivation for this podcast is because I love going to see movies and I want to share my thoughts/opinions of them with other people. Moreover, I also have the AMC movie pass so, I go to see movies a lot and I think it would be interesting to build a small community of movie lovers who enjoy the art of them as well. Eventually, it would be cool to even have guests on my podcast to share their thoughts of the movie and their opinions on it. I have seen many YouTube channels that do movie reviews but, I personally have not seen any podcasts who do movie review though, I am sure they are definitely out there. I have also thought about creating a YouTube channel that has the visual aspect of my podcast, I think it could be a fun endeavor! My biggest challenge I have faced with starting this podcast is the length of my episodes. I felt like in my first episode I was running out of things to talk about before I even hit the fifteen minute mark. I am thinking I could add a new segment to my podcast to combat this problem such as reading reviews that other people had on the movie on platforms such as Letterboxd. A lot of times reviews on Letterboxd can be outlandish and comical so, I feel like this could add a funny twist to each episode. I am definitely open to more suggestions on how to possibly lengthen my episodes though! Other than that, I have not found any other major challenges to starting this podcast. I have thoroughly enjoyed recording it and editing it thus far and I think it'll be fun to continue doing it!
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Carter Cleary
February 2 at 10:09 PM
Hey Braylie, we kind of have the same podcast in a way. I am reviewing movies as well but I am more specifically talking about A24 films and I am talking about the interpretations of those films. I kind of ran into the same problem with running out of things to talk about but I kind of had a little script that I wrote out and different peoples reviews of the movie so I had more things to talk about and that helped a lot. Giving a summary of the movie took up about half the time though because it so A24 movies are so complex. 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

