
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20164806/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Tracy Winckler - Discussion 4
Tracy Winckler posted Feb 1, 2025 1:41 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 My podcast is about keeping up with the professional tennis world; giving updates on matches as well as news around the sport. My main motivation for pursuing this topic was that I love tennis and have played it all my life. I also currently coach tennis. Being surrounded by the sport makes it very easy and natural to talk about topics within it. Being that one of the main things that makes a podcast successful is being able to be personable and conversational with your audience, I think my background within the sport really helps. I also love to watch the sport. Watching matches and tournaments throughout the week makes it to where I don't have to do much research on matches in preparation for the podcast. One of the major challenges I see to making this podcast is that I do have to watch how much I ramble on about things. Sometimes it gets hard for me to stay on task and time myself when I have so much to say about the topics surrounding the sport. In this first podcast, there were numerous times where I had to cut myself short and cut certain portions of my conversations so the podcast didn't focus on one topic for too long. In terms of similar podcasts to mine, there aren't a ton but there are a few ones out there that run the game. The most popular one at the moment being "Served with Andy Roddick." This podcast is hosted by former American number 1 and 2003 US Open Champion Andy Roddick. He is a huge name in American Men's Tennis so this podcast definitely brings in a lot of listeners and has some major guests. This podcast has the same basis of mine; talking about news, drama, and tournament recaps. I like to take a lot of influence from his podcast and bring it into mine with my own twist.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Keanu Garrett
February 1 at 4:09 PM
Hi Tracy! I love that you chose a topic that you are passionate about and that you are surrounded by. I think that this will definitely help you as you pursue this topic in your podcast over the semester. You will always have something new and fresh to talk about as you are currently in the tennis world as you speak. I agree with you that not rambling is so hard. This is why I think that I will have to do major prep before to know exactly what it is that I want to say so that I won't digress. Overall, great podcast idea and terrific post!
Reply
Josh Mitchell
February 2 at 12:32 AM
What is up Tracy? I like that you have pursued tennis as your topic. I feel like tennis is a sport that does not get much love like others. I used to be one of the people that disrespected tennis. That was until my childhood friend, Chris Eubanks, made me appreciate it. I assumed it would be easy since I had great hand-eye coordination from baseball being my first sport. I also had great footwork from football and basketball. What I learned quickly was that all of that is needed at the same time. It's cool that  you coach tennis!
Reply
Julia Zielke
February 2 at 3:53 PM
Hey Tracy!
It's awesome that you picked a topic that is so huge in your life and that you have a lot of knowledge about. I used to do photography for all the sports teams at my high school and was always close with the tennis team to where I learned a lot. Tennis is often overlooked by a lot of people and so I love that you are going into it and have such enthusiasm towards it. I also feel you entirely on the rambling portion as I tend to do the exact same thing and often have to catch myself or go back through in editing and fix it. Overall, great post!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

