
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20236665/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Module 5 - Braylie Konrad
Braylie Konrad posted Feb 9, 2025 11:48 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 A good podcast interview I found was one by Steven Bartlett on his podcast The Diary of A CEO where he interviews Mel Robbins. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEo48f_Rs4w
I think the advice portion of the interview and discussions after each questions provides for compelling content. Not only does Mel give you her story but, she also gives the audience advice about how to help themselves if they are going through something similar. Moreover, each question the interviewer asks pertains to questions relating the audience and possible advice she could give them. So, as Mel begins to answer these questions she tells the audience what she has been through, sharing her personal story while once again, offering advice.
The interview is about 1 hour and 34 minutes. Personally, I do not think this interview is too long especially because it kept me entertained/interested the entire time. It was actually an interview I wanted to tune in to so, I did not mind that the length exceeded the 1 hour mark.
I would say this interviewer has more of a formal style of interviewing but, not too formal to where it feels uncomfortable. For example, Steven of course has a list of questions he is asking Mel but, the way he asks them and the way he talks to her feels very genuine.
The most important moment in this interview is when Mel discusses the link between trauma and ADHD. It is actually the most replayed section of the interview by audience members and to me, she really dives into how these two can be connected. This is important to me because she gets very vulnerable in explaining this and does it in a way to reach the people listening or watching.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Reply to Thread

