
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20038739/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Discussion 2
Julia Zielke posted Jan 19, 2025 2:48 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I asked one of my friends for a podcast recommendation and they gave me "Morbid: A True Crime Podcast" to listen to. When looking through what episode to listen to, I noticed that a lot of them had different lengths of time with some being over an hour and others being thirty minutes. This likely is due to different details being shared in the podcast about specific crimes. There are two hosts, Alaina Urquhart and Ash Kelly who go through and captivate audiences by sharing their investigations with a bit of humor added to them. I am a huge fan of true crime so this immediately piqued my interest when originally being told about it. This podcast targets anyone interested in true crime and with how many mothers I have known that always have Discovery ID or something similar on the television, they are entirely included. I decided to watch episode 635, "The Blackout Ripper (part 1)" because it honestly sounded like an interesting title revolving around a serial killer. I loved the amount of detail they gave to allow the audience to envision the situation in the world and how it became an opportune moment for the Blackout Ripper. I don't want to spoil the episode for anyone with too many details but, I can entirely see why this podcast became popular. The hosts did their research and looked for every possible detail to share that could be relevant and did so in such an entertaining matter with music occasionally being used to help set the mood. They guide their audience through the story and try to anticipate what the audience might question and try to accommodate for that (Weldon, 31). Overall, this is a good podcast for those who enjoy listening to crime and I would recommend it.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Katherine Knelson
January 19 at 9:11 PM
haha I liked your comment about how Moms watch Discovery ID or similar. I feel like when I became a Mom I started watching this more and I was just commenting on another person's post saying that it's frequent to get paranoid watching or listening to this stuff. Film/TV are hard to impress me with storylines being in the industry as an actor and working in production. My youngest did a few episodes of Your Worst Nightmare and sometimes the shows and the recaps are not as chilling as they could be or the real deal but they do certainly make you aware of situations. I will have to check this one out! 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

