
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20142572/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
My Podcast
Maggie Butkovich posted Jan 29, 2025 4:14 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 I did my podcast on Jesus and specifically His life on Earth in the Gospels and how he showed humility. My friend Ryann and I broke down the details of His birth and talked about why it matters to us today and what it says about Jesus character. My motivation behind this topic was that I did not grow up in church and in fact did not really have many positive experiences with it. When I was in high school I heard the Gospel for the first time and met Jesus and understood Christianity as a relationship instead of a religion. It changed my life! I hope that if someone were never to read the bible, they would come across my podcast and hear about Jesus' character and how much He loves them to sacrifice His life for them. I hope that people would look past their views of the church and discover the person of Jesus. A major challenge to this podcast was making sure I had enough background information and was prepared enough to talk about the stories. I have been reading the bible for seven years but there are PLENTY of details and history that I still get wrong or don't understand. Also, I said "Um" like 23785 times and I had to edit a bunch of them out because it was so distracting to that took a while. There are a lot of podcasts out there like mine. Saved Not Soft, WOAH That's Good, Becoming Something, and so many others. There are so many topics, personality traits, and details that you could break down about Jesus and the Bible. And because God's Word is living and breathing, we will always have new revelations about the Word of God. I hope that people enjoy listening to the things my friends and I  get from the Bible even if they are not always eloquent or perfect or correct.
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Garrett Bliek
January 29 at 9:42 PM
Hey Maggie! I appreciate the heartfeltness in your post discussing your podcast of choice. There of course always a need for that kind of content to keep people going. I am not surprised by the amount of creators that focus on the subject! Would you consider it a full-time career if your podcast series took off? And how different would it be compared to what you envisioned yourself pursuing when you were growing up! This is not my career of pursuit, but funny enough I wanted to be an astrophysicist; however, now I would love to be in the sports environment. Eight years of school is not for me!
Reply
Victoria Tucker
January 29 at 9:51 PM
Welcome to the faith, Maggie! I'm a Christian too! I'm so glad that you've found comfort and salvation in Jesus Christ. <3
The Bible has so much to it. There's a reason why so many people go to college just to study the Bible! 

Taking a deep breath before starting recording my podcast really helps with the number of ums. I also tend to stutter hence why I had 200 edits in my podcast! 

Best wishes with your podcast! You're going to do great! What are some of your favorite Christian podcasts? Though I'm not Catholic, I really enjoy Bible in a Year with Father Mike Schmidt!
Reply
Julia McLaughlin
January 30 at 4:46 PM
hey Maggie!!! I think it's amazing that you’re using your podcast to share your personal journey and explore such an important topic, especially with the heart behind it. The way you and Ryann broke down the details of Jesus' birth and tied it to His humility is really impactful. It’s so relatable to hear that you didn’t grow up in church and that your first encounter with the Gospel was in high school. It’s inspiring how that transformed your perspective, and I can tell that passion really shines through in your podcast.
Reply
Molly Stevens
February 2 at 2:23 PM
Hey Maggie! I think your podcast is a great idea! I also didn't have a good relationship with my church I went to growing up so I was disconnected from God for a few years. I went back to another church in 2020 and got baptized in 2021! I can see a challenge is that there is a lot of information and it can be hard to know how much information you want to put in an episode. I also said um so many times in my podcast that pretty much all of my edits I did were me taking that out. But I learned to just keep the audio rolling and to keep going until I got a good take and got my point across without any distractions. I will definitely have to check out your podcast!
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

