
Post URL: https://kennesaw.view.usg.edu/d2l/le/3428449/discussions/threads/20209464/View
Post Content:
skip to main content
Entertainment Podcasting Section W01 Spring Semester 2025 CO
Close
Message alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Close
Update alerts - You have new alerts
Close
Ian Dunham
View as Student View
Change
Profile
Notifications
Account Settings
English (United States)
Log Out
Close
Close
Course Home
Content
Discussions
Assignments
Quizzes
Other
Close
Classlist
Grades
Course Admin
More
Close
Close


Discussions List
View Topic
View Thread
Close
Listen
Settings 
 
 
 
 Help
Class Discussion
Module 1: Podcasts You Like
Module 2: The purpose of a podcast
Module 3: The Importance of Editing
Module 4: YOUR podcast
Module 5: Good Interviews
Module 6: Identity
Module 7: Types of Podcasts
Module 8: The History of Sound
Module 9: Research for a Podcast
Module 10: Term Check In
Module 11: The Importance of Music
Module 12: Collecting Audio
Module 13: Effective Audio Narratives
Module 14: Final Podcast Episode
Module 15: Podcast as Career
Hide the Topics List
Good Interviews
Maggie Butkovich posted Feb 6, 2025 1:00 PM
Subscribe 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribed
   
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JOYuLKOEVZ4&list=PLj4daJNDfmZUA67YNj-4DMiurKGtR6WQ3&index=42
This interview is between my favorite podcaster, Sadie Robertson, and Letitia Wright, who played Shuri in Marvel's Black Panther. Something so compelling about this podcast is that I did not know anything about Letitia Wright as an actress, that she was from Britain, or that she is Christian. It was interesting to hear about her life, who has influenced her, and how she became an actress. The interview is 50 minutes, which I think is a good length for an interview. I think I learned a lot about Letitia without it getting repetitive and boring. Sadie Robertsons interview style is a mix of formal and informal, which is what makes her so easy to listen to. She takes time to research each of her guests and gets to know them before they come on so that she can have relevant and educated questions to ask them. She does have questions planned, but sometimes, her questions just flow naturally into one another. I love this style of interview because it feels like you are just sitting in on a conversation rather than listening to questions and answers. I think the most important part of this interview was Letitia talking about the entertainment industry and how it has affected her, but, more importantly, how her faith has kept her grounded through all of it. 
Reply to Thread
Filter by:
All Posts
Unread
Flagged
Close
|
Clear filters
Show:
Threaded
                   Newest First
                   Oldest First
                   Author First Name A-Z
                   Author First Name Z-A
                   Author Last Name A-Z
                   Author Last Name Z-A
                   Subject A-Z
                   Subject Z-A
                   Attachments First
                    
 There are no replies in this thread
Julia McLaughlin
February 6 at 4:27 PM
That sounds like a fascinating interview! I completely agree with you about how enjoyable it is when an interview feels like a natural conversation. Sadie’s ability to balance formal preparation with an informal flow really makes the audience feel like they’re just eavesdropping on a meaningful chat between two people. Letitia Wright’s perspective on the entertainment industry and how her faith has kept her grounded must have been incredibly inspiring to hear.
Reply
Tracy Winckler
February 8 at 11:03 PM
What's up Maggie,
I enjoyed what you had to say about the podcast you chose. I really enjoy when podcasts have a mix of informal and formal interviewing, because I think it creates a good mix of conversation but also compelling questions, and also questions that can switch up the topic of things. Great post!
Reply
Josh Mitchell
February 9 at 12:15 PM
Good Afternoon Maggie!
I honestly have to say, I do not know anything about Letitia Wright either outside of her role in the Black Panther franchise. She is an intriguing and interesting person too though. I can tell by her acting, which seems more like her just portraying herself but I could be wrong. I'm going to watch this interview since she is a fascinating person.
Reply
Anaya Lyons
February 9 at 1:08 PM
Hello! I enjoyed reading, and it made me wanna go and watch this podcast. I will say I am a fan of Latitia, so Ill have to give it a watch. I love when podcast interviews have that semi-structured interview style, it makes it to where you can follow and is fun to listen to at the same time. 
Reply
Carter Cleary
February 9 at 10:54 PM
This podcast sounds super cool especially because I love the MCU. I think that anywhere close to an hour is a perfect podcast length too, anything longer feels like too much and anything less feels like not enough.
Reply
Reggie Walton
February 9 at 11:44 PM
Honestly I like the interviews that are kind of just a natural conversation. Some people may see them as a tad unprofessional but I like them since it feels less stressful for all parties to maintain an air of professionalism. You can also see how much wright cares about the subject of the entertainment industry by her tone of voice. Which I think should be a common goal for many if not all interviews 
Reply
/1
Reply to Thread

